<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
    <head>
    <meta http-equiv="content-type" content="text/html; charset=UTF-8"/><title></title>
    <link href="styles.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
    </head>
    <body><dl></dl><ol><li>To store a value for later use in Python, the programmer needs
to create a:
<ol class="multiple-choice"><li>number</li><li>character</li><li class="correct">variable</li><li>boolean</li></ol><dl><dt>Section</dt><dd>2.1 Variables</dd><dt>Title</dt><dd>What is the term used to store a value for later use in a Python program?</dd><dt>type</dt><dd>mc</dd><dt>section</dt><dd>2.1 Variables</dd><dt>id</dt><dd>testbank-py-1-ch02-01</dd></dl></li><li>How is a value stored in a variable?
<ol class="multiple-choice"><li class="correct">an assignment statement</li><li>an expression</li><li>a print statement</li><li>an equality statement</li></ol><dl><dt>Section</dt><dd>2.1 Variables</dd><dt>Title</dt><dd>How is a value stored in a variable?</dd><dt>type</dt><dd>mc</dd><dt>section</dt><dd>2.1 Variables</dd><dt>id</dt><dd>testbank-py-1-ch02-03</dd></dl></li><li>What is the value of the variable <code>num</code> after the
following code snippet?<pre>num = 5
num2 = 6
num = num2 + 3</pre><ol class="multiple-choice"><li>5</li><li class="correct">9</li><li>8</li><li>11</li></ol><dl><dt>Section</dt><dd>2.1 Variables</dd><dt>Title</dt><dd>What is the value of the variable num after the following code statement?</dd><dt>type</dt><dd>mc</dd><dt>section</dt><dd>2.1 Variables</dd><dt>id</dt><dd>testbank-py-1-ch02-04</dd></dl></li><li><p>What is the right way to assign the value of <code>num +
10</code> to <code>num2</code>?</p><ol class="multiple-choice">
          <li class="correct">
            <code>num2 = num + 10</code>
          </li>
          <li>
            <code>num = num2 + 10</code>
          </li>
          <li>
            <code>num2 + 10 = num</code>
          </li>
          <li>
            <code>num + 10 = num2</code>
          </li>
        </ol><dl><dt>Section</dt><dd>2.1 Variables</dd><dt>Title</dt><dd>What is the right way to assign the value of num + 10 to num2?</dd><dt>type</dt><dd>mc</dd><dt>section</dt><dd>2.1 Variables</dd><dt>id</dt><dd>testbank-py-1-ch02-06</dd></dl></li><li><p>What is wrong with the following code snippet?</p><pre>2ndNum = 78</pre><ol class="multiple-choice">
          <li>The <code>2ndNum</code> variable is never assigned a value</li>
          <li>The <code>2ndNum</code> variable is assigned a non-numeric
value</li>
          <li class="correct">The <code>2ndNum</code> variable is not a valid variable
name</li>
          <li>The <code>2ndNum</code> variable is never initialized</li>
        </ol><dl><dt>Section</dt><dd>2.1 Variables</dd><dt>Title</dt><dd>What is wrong with the following code snippet?</dd><dt>type</dt><dd>mc</dd><dt>section</dt><dd>2.1 Variables</dd><dt>id</dt><dd>testbank-py-1-ch02-08</dd></dl></li><li><p>What is a variable called that should remain unchanged
throughout your program?</p><ol class="multiple-choice">
          <li class="correct">a constant variable</li>
          <li>a data variable</li>
          <li>a string variable</li>
          <li>a boolean variable</li>
        </ol><dl><dt>Section</dt><dd>2.1 Variables</dd><dt>Title</dt><dd>What is a variable called that should remain unchanged throughout your program?</dd><dt>type</dt><dd>mc</dd><dt>section</dt><dd>2.1 Variables</dd><dt>id</dt><dd>testbank-py-1-ch02-09</dd></dl></li><li><p>Which of the following variables should be coded as a constant
in Python?</p><ol class="multiple-choice">
          <li>character: 'a'</li>
          <li>string: &quot;hello&quot;</li>
          <li>number: 1234</li>
          <li class="correct">pi: 3.14159</li>
        </ol><dl><dt>Section</dt><dd>2.1 Variables</dd><dt>Title</dt><dd>Python naming conventions for variables</dd><dt>type</dt><dd>mc</dd><dt>section</dt><dd>2.1 Variables</dd><dt>id</dt><dd>testbank-py-1-ch02-10</dd></dl></li><li><p>Which of the following variable names follows the Python naming
convention for constants?</p><ol class="multiple-choice">
          <li>
            <code>maxSize</code>
          </li>
          <li class="correct">
            <code>MAXSIZE</code>
          </li>
          <li>
            <code>MAX SIZE</code>
          </li>
          <li>
            <code>max_size</code>
          </li>
        </ol><dl><dt>Section</dt><dd>2.1 Variables</dd><dt>Title</dt><dd>Python naming conventions for variables</dd><dt>type</dt><dd>mc</dd><dt>section</dt><dd>2.1 Variables</dd><dt>id</dt><dd>testbank-py-1-ch02-11</dd></dl></li><li><p>Why is it important to follow Python naming standards for
variables representing constants?</p><ol class="multiple-choice">
          <li class="correct">it is good programming style</li>
          <li>it is required by the Python programming language</li>
          <li>it is required by graphic programs</li>
          <li>it is required for all non-zero numbers</li>
        </ol><dl><dt>Section</dt><dd>2.1 Variables</dd><dt>Title</dt><dd>Python naming conventions for variables</dd><dt>type</dt><dd>mc</dd><dt>section</dt><dd>2.1 Variables</dd><dt>id</dt><dd>testbank-py-1-ch02-12</dd></dl></li><li><p>Which of the following is an appropriate constant name to
represent the number of pencils in a pack?</p><ol class="multiple-choice">
          <li class="correct">
            <code>NUM_PENCILS_PER_PACK = 12</code>
          </li>
          <li>
            <code>numPencilsPerPack = 12</code>
          </li>
          <li>
            <code>NUMpencilsPERpack = 12</code>
          </li>
          <li>
            <code>numpencilsperpack = 12</code>
          </li>
        </ol><dl><dt>Section</dt><dd>2.1 Variables</dd><dt>Title</dt><dd>Which of the following is an appropriate constant name to represent the number of pencils in a pack?</dd><dt>type</dt><dd>mc</dd><dt>from</dt><dd>testbank-py-1-ch02-14</dd><dt>section</dt><dd>2.1 Variables</dd><dt>id</dt><dd>testbank-py-2-ch02-14</dd></dl></li><li>A variable is:
  <ol class="multiple-choice">
    <li class="correct">A storage location with a name</li>
    <li>An assignment statement</li>
    <li>An expression</li>
    <li>A point in a program where a decision is made</li></ol><dl><dt>Section</dt><dd>2.1 Variables</dd><dt>Title</dt><dd>What is the definition of a variable?</dd><dt>type</dt><dd>mc</dd><dt>from</dt><dd>testbank-py-1-ch02-02</dd><dt>section</dt><dd>2.1 Variables</dd><dt>id</dt><dd>testbank-py-2-ch02-02</dd></dl></li><li><p>What is wrong with this assignment statement?</p><pre>num + 10 = num2</pre><ol class="multiple-choice">
          <li class="correct">The left hand side of an assignment statement cannot include an operator.</li>
          <li>Nothing, this statement compiles and executes.</li>
          <li>The value of <code>10</code> must be defined before this statement can be executed.</li>
          <li>The <code>num</code> variable must be defined before this statement can be executed</li>
        </ol><dl><dt>Section</dt><dd>2.1 Variables</dd><dt>Title</dt><dd>What is wrong with this assignment statement?</dd><dt>type</dt><dd>mc</dd><dt>from</dt><dd>testbank-py-1-ch02-05</dd><dt>section</dt><dd>2.1 Variables</dd><dt>id</dt><dd>testbank-py-2-ch02-05</dd></dl></li><li><p>What is wrong with the following code snippet?</p><pre>num = 78A</pre><ol class="multiple-choice">
          <li>The <code>num</code> variable is never assigned a value</li>
          <li class="correct"><code>78A</code> is not a valid value in a Python program</li>
          <li>The name <code>num</code> is not a valid variable name</li>
          <li>The <code>num</code> variable is never initialized</li>
        </ol><dl><dt>Section</dt><dd>2.1 Variables</dd><dt>Title</dt><dd>What is wrong with the following code snippet?</dd><dt>type</dt><dd>mc</dd><dt>from</dt><dd>testbank-py-1-ch02-07</dd><dt>section</dt><dd>2.1 Variables</dd><dt>id</dt><dd>testbank-py-2-ch02-07</dd></dl></li><li>Which line of code creates a variable named x and initializes
it to the integer 5?
<ol class="multiple-choice"><li><code>x = 5.0</code></li><li class="correct"><code>x = 5</code></li><li><code>x = '5'</code></li><li><code>x = &quot;5&quot;</code></li></ol><dl><dt>Section</dt><dd>2.1.2 Number Types</dd><dt>Title</dt><dd>Which line of code creates a variable named x and initializes it to the integer 5?</dd><dt>type</dt><dd>mc</dd><dt>from</dt><dd>testbank-py-1-ch02-15</dd><dt>section</dt><dd>2.1.2 Number Types</dd><dt>id</dt><dd>testbank-py-2-ch02-15</dd></dl></li><li>
  Which of the following items is an example of a floating-point literal?

  <ol class="multiple-choice">
    <li><code>100000</code></li>
    <li><code>100,000</code></li>
    <li class="correct"><code>100000.0</code></li>
    <li><code>100,000.0</code></li>
  </ol>
<dl><dt>Section</dt><dd>2.1.2 Number Types</dd><dt>Title</dt><dd>Which of the following items is an example of a floating-point literal?</dd><dt>type</dt><dd>mc</dd><dt>section</dt><dd>2.1.2 Number Types</dd><dt>id</dt><dd>testbank-py-2-ch02-97</dd></dl></li><li>Which of the following names is <strong>not</strong> a legal
variable name?
<ol class="multiple-choice"><li class="correct"><code>bottle-volume</code></li><li><code>cans_per_pack</code></li><li><code>four</code></li><li><code>x2</code></li></ol><dl><dt>Section</dt><dd>2.1.3 Variable Names</dd><dt>Title</dt><dd>Which of the following names is not a legal variable name?</dd><dt>type</dt><dd>mc</dd><dt>section</dt><dd>2.1.3 Variable Names</dd><dt>id</dt><dd>testbank-py-1-ch02-16</dd></dl></li><li>
  Which of the following statements about variable names is <strong>not</strong> correct?

  <ol class="multiple-choice">
    <li>Variable names are case sensitive.</li>
    <li class="correct">Variable names can begin with a letter, an underscore or a number.</li>
    <li>Variable names cannot be reserved words such as <code>if</code> and <code>class</code>.</li>
    <li>Variable names cannot contain symbols such as <code>?</code> and <code>%</code>.</li>
  </ol>
<dl><dt>Section</dt><dd>2.1.3 Variable Names</dd><dt>Title</dt><dd>Which statement about variable names is not correct?</dd><dt>type</dt><dd>mc</dd><dt>section</dt><dd>2.1.3 Variable Names</dd><dt>id</dt><dd>testbank-py-2-ch02-98</dd></dl></li><li>Which of the following names is the best for a constant
variable holding the price of a can of soda?
<ol class="multiple-choice"><li><code>soda_price</code></li><li><code>soda-price</code></li><li><code>SodaPrice</code></li><li class="correct"><code>SODA_PRICE</code></li></ol><dl><dt>Section</dt><dd>2.1.4 Constants</dd><dt>Title</dt><dd>Which of the following names is the best for a constant variable holding the price of a can of soda?</dd><dt>type</dt><dd>mc</dd><dt>section</dt><dd>2.1.4 Constants</dd><dt>id</dt><dd>testbank-py-1-ch02-17</dd></dl></li><li>
  What convention is normally used when naming constants in a Python program?

  <ol class="multiple-choice">
    <li class="correct">Constant names are normally written in all capital letters.</li>
    <li>Constant names normally begin with a <code>#</code> character.</li>
    <li>Constant names normally begin and end with an underscore.</li>
    <li>Constant names normally begin with a capital letter followed only by numbers.</li>
  </ol>
<dl><dt>Section</dt><dd>2.1.4 Constants</dd><dt>Title</dt><dd>What convention is normally used when naming constants in a Python program?</dd><dt>type</dt><dd>mc</dd><dt>section</dt><dd>2.1.4 Constants</dd><dt>id</dt><dd>testbank-py-2-ch02-99</dd></dl></li><li>What symbol is used to begin a comment in a Python program?
<ol class="multiple-choice"><li><code>!</code></li><li><code>@</code></li><li class="correct"><code>#</code></li><li><code>$</code></li></ol><dl><dt>Section</dt><dd>2.1.5 Comments</dd><dt>Title</dt><dd>What symbol is used to begin a comment in a python program?</dd><dt>type</dt><dd>mc</dd><dt>section</dt><dd>2.1.5 Comments</dd><dt>id</dt><dd>testbank-py-1-ch02-18</dd></dl></li><li>
  A numeric constant that appears in your code without explanation is known as
  a:

  <ol class="multiple-choice">
    <li>floating-point number</li>
    <li class="correct">magic number</li>
    <li>string</li>
    <li>variable</li>
  </ol>
<dl><dt>Section</dt><dd>2.1.5 Comments</dd><dt>Title</dt><dd>What name is given to a numeric constant that appears in your code without explanation?</dd><dt>type</dt><dd>mc</dd><dt>section</dt><dd>2.1.5 Comments</dd><dt>id</dt><dd>testbank-py-2-ch02-100</dd></dl></li><li><p>Which of the following statements correctly multiplies
<code>num1</code> times <code>num2</code>?</p><ol class="multiple-choice"><li class="correct"><code>num1 * num2</code></li><li><code>num1 x num2</code></li><li><code>num1 · num2</code></li><li><code>num1 ** num2</code></li></ol><dl><dt>Section</dt><dd>2.2 Arithmetic</dd><dt>Title</dt><dd>Which of the following statements correctly multiplies num1 times num2?</dd><dt>type</dt><dd>mc</dd><dt>section</dt><dd>2.2 Arithmetic</dd><dt>id</dt><dd>testbank-py-1-ch02-19</dd></dl></li><li><p>What is the value of <code>result</code> after the following
code snippet?</p><pre>num1 = 10
num2 = 20
num3 = 2
result = num1 / num2 / num3
print(result)</pre><ol class="multiple-choice">
          <li>1</li>
          <li>0</li>
          <li>The code has an error</li>
          <li class="correct">0.25</li>
        </ol><dl><dt>Section</dt><dd>2.2 Arithmetic</dd><dt>Title</dt><dd>What is the value of result after the following code snippet?</dd><dt>type</dt><dd>mc</dd><dt>section</dt><dd>2.2 Arithmetic</dd><dt>id</dt><dd>testbank-py-1-ch02-22</dd></dl></li><li><p>What will be the values of the variables <code>num1</code> and
<code>num2</code> after the given set of assignments?</p><pre>num1 = 20
num2 = 10
num1 = num1 + num2 / 2
num2 = num1</pre><ol class="multiple-choice">
          <li>
            <code>num1 = 20.0, num2 = 10.0</code>
          </li>
          <li>
            <code>num1 = 15.0, num2 = 10.0</code>
          </li>
          <li class="correct">
            <code>num1 = 25.0, num2 = 25.0</code>
          </li>
          <li>
            <code>num1 = 15.0, num2 = 15.0</code>
          </li>
        </ol><dl><dt>Section</dt><dd>2.2 Arithmetic</dd><dt>Title</dt><dd>What will be the values of the variables num1 and num2 after the given set of assignments?</dd><dt>type</dt><dd>mc</dd><dt>section</dt><dd>2.2 Arithmetic</dd><dt>id</dt><dd>testbank-py-1-ch02-23</dd></dl></li><li><p>What is the value of <code>result</code> after the following
code snippet?</p><pre>num1 = 10
num2 = 20
num3 = 2
result = num1 // num2 // num3
print(result)</pre><ol class="multiple-choice">
          <li>1</li>
          <li class="correct">0</li>
          <li>The code has an error</li>
          <li>0.25</li>
        </ol><dl><dt>Section</dt><dd>2.2 Arithmetic</dd><dt>Title</dt><dd>What is the value of result after the following code snippet?</dd><dt>type</dt><dd>mc</dd><dt>section</dt><dd>2.2 Arithmetic</dd><dt>id</dt><dd>testbank-py-1-ch02-24</dd></dl></li><li><p>What is the value of <code>result</code> after the following
code snippet?</p><pre>num1 = 20
num2 = 10
num3 = 2
result = num1 // num2 // num3
print(result)</pre><ol class="multiple-choice">
          <li class="correct">1</li>
          <li>0</li>
          <li>The code has an error</li>
          <li>0.25</li>
        </ol><dl><dt>Section</dt><dd>2.2 Arithmetic</dd><dt>Title</dt><dd>What is the value of result after the following code snippet?</dd><dt>type</dt><dd>mc</dd><dt>section</dt><dd>2.2 Arithmetic</dd><dt>id</dt><dd>testbank-py-1-ch02-25</dd></dl></li><li><p>What is the value of <code>result</code> after the following
code snippet?</p><pre>num1 = 20
num2 = 10
num3 = 2
result = num1 // num2 / num3
print(result)</pre><ol class="multiple-choice">
          <li class="correct">1.0</li>
          <li>0.0</li>
          <li>The code has an error</li>
          <li>0.25</li>
        </ol><dl><dt>Section</dt><dd>2.2 Arithmetic</dd><dt>Title</dt><dd>What is the value of result after the following code snippet?</dd><dt>type</dt><dd>mc</dd><dt>section</dt><dd>2.2 Arithmetic</dd><dt>id</dt><dd>testbank-py-1-ch02-26</dd></dl></li><li><p>Which code snippet is the correct Python equivalent to the
following Algebraic expression ?</p><p>c = √(a<sup>2</sup> + b<sup>2</sup>)</p><ol class="multiple-choice">
          <li>
            <code>sqrt(a ^ 2 + b ^ 2)</code>
          </li>
          <li class="correct">
            <code>sqrt(a ** 2 + b ** 2)</code>
          </li>
          <li>
            <code>sqrt(a * 2 + b * 2)</code>
          </li>
          <li>
            <code>squareroot(a ** 2 + b ** 2)</code>
          </li>
        </ol><dl><dt>Section</dt><dd>2.2 Arithmetic</dd><dt>Title</dt><dd>What is the value of result after the following code snippet?</dd><dt>type</dt><dd>mc</dd><dt>section</dt><dd>2.2 Arithmetic</dd><dt>id</dt><dd>testbank-py-1-ch02-28</dd></dl></li><li><p>What symbol is used to find remainder of a floor
division?</p><ol class="multiple-choice">
          <li>//</li>
          <li>
            <code>/</code>
          </li>
          <li class="correct">%</li>
          <li>#</li>
        </ol><dl><dt>Section</dt><dd>2.2 Arithmetic</dd><dt>Title</dt><dd>What symbol is used to find remainder of a floor division?</dd><dt>type</dt><dd>mc</dd><dt>section</dt><dd>2.2 Arithmetic</dd><dt>id</dt><dd>testbank-py-1-ch02-29</dd></dl></li><li><p>A(n) _____________________ is a collection of programming
instructions that carry out a particular task.</p><ol class="multiple-choice">
          <li>argument</li>
          <li>parameter</li>
          <li class="correct">function</li>
          <li>literal</li>
        </ol><dl><dt>Section</dt><dd>2.2 Arithmetic</dd><dt>Title</dt><dd>What is a collection of programming instructions that carry out a particular task?</dd><dt>type</dt><dd>mc</dd><dt>section</dt><dd>2.2 Arithmetic</dd><dt>id</dt><dd>testbank-py-1-ch02-30</dd></dl></li><li><p>What is the value of <code>4 ** 3</code>?</p><ol class="multiple-choice">
          <li>
            <code>12</code>
          </li>
          <li class="correct">
            <code>64</code>
          </li>
          <li>
            <code>1</code>
          </li>
          <li>Nothing, there is an error in the statement</li>
        </ol><dl><dt>Section</dt><dd>2.2 Arithmetic</dd><dt>Title</dt><dd>What is the value of 4 ** 3?</dd><dt>type</dt><dd>mc</dd><dt>section</dt><dd>2.2 Arithmetic</dd><dt>id</dt><dd>testbank-py-1-ch02-31</dd></dl></li><li><p>What is returned by the function: <code>round(x) </code>if
<code>x = 5.64</code>?</p><ol class="multiple-choice">
          <li>Nothing, there is an error in the statement</li>
          <li>
            <code>5</code>
          </li>
          <li>
            <code>5.6</code>
          </li>
          <li class="correct">
            <code>6</code>
          </li>
        </ol><dl><dt>Section</dt><dd>2.2 Arithmetic</dd><dt>Title</dt><dd>What is returned by the function: round(x)if x = 5.64?</dd><dt>type</dt><dd>mc</dd><dt>section</dt><dd>2.2 Arithmetic</dd><dt>id</dt><dd>testbank-py-1-ch02-32</dd></dl></li><li><p>What is returned by the function: <code>abs(x) </code>if <code>x
= 5.64</code>?</p><ol class="multiple-choice">
          <li>Nothing, there is an error in the statement</li>
          <li>
            <code>5</code>
          </li>
          <li class="correct">
            <code>5.64</code>
          </li>
          <li>
            <code>6</code>
          </li>
        </ol><dl><dt>Section</dt><dd>2.2 Arithmetic</dd><dt>Title</dt><dd>What is returned by the function: abs(x)if x = 5.64?</dd><dt>type</dt><dd>mc</dd><dt>section</dt><dd>2.2 Arithmetic</dd><dt>id</dt><dd>testbank-py-1-ch02-33</dd></dl></li><li><p>What is returned by the function: <code>max(1, 4, 15, 2, 3,
24)</code>?</p><ol class="multiple-choice">
          <li>
            <code>1</code>
          </li>
          <li class="correct">
            <code>24</code>
          </li>
          <li>
            <code>15</code>
          </li>
          <li>
            <code>2</code>
          </li>
        </ol><dl><dt>Section</dt><dd>2.2 Arithmetic</dd><dt>Title</dt><dd>What is returned by the max function?</dd><dt>type</dt><dd>mc</dd><dt>section</dt><dd>2.2 Arithmetic</dd><dt>id</dt><dd>testbank-py-1-ch02-34</dd></dl></li><li><p>What is returned by the function: <code>round(3.14159,
2)</code>?</p><ol class="multiple-choice">
          <li>
            <code>3</code>
          </li>
          <li>
            <code>3.14159</code>
          </li>
          <li>
            <code>3.2</code>
          </li>
          <li class="correct">
            <code>3.14</code>
          </li>
        </ol><dl><dt>Section</dt><dd>2.2 Arithmetic</dd><dt>Title</dt><dd>What is returned by the function: round(3.14159, 2)?</dd><dt>type</dt><dd>mc</dd><dt>section</dt><dd>2.2 Arithmetic</dd><dt>id</dt><dd>testbank-py-1-ch02-35</dd></dl></li><li><p>What must be done first before you can use a function from the
standard library?</p><ol class="multiple-choice">
          <li>the function must be defined</li>
          <li class="correct">the function must be imported</li>
          <li>the function must be included in a module</li>
          <li>the function must be enclosed in parenthesis</li>
        </ol><dl><dt>Section</dt><dd>2.2 Arithmetic</dd><dt>Title</dt><dd>What must be done first before you can use a function from the standard library?</dd><dt>type</dt><dd>mc</dd><dt>section</dt><dd>2.2 Arithmetic</dd><dt>id</dt><dd>testbank-py-1-ch02-38</dd></dl></li><li><p>What is returned by the function:
<code>sqrt(64)</code>?</p><ol class="multiple-choice">
          <li class="correct">
            <code>8.0</code>
          </li>
          <li>
            <code>32.0</code>
          </li>
          <li>
            <code>4.0</code>
          </li>
          <li>
            <code>64.0</code>
          </li>
        </ol><dl><dt>Section</dt><dd>2.2 Arithmetic</dd><dt>Title</dt><dd>What is returned by the sqrt function?</dd><dt>type</dt><dd>mc</dd><dt>section</dt><dd>2.2 Arithmetic</dd><dt>id</dt><dd>testbank-py-1-ch02-39</dd></dl></li><li><p>What is wrong with the following code snippet?</p><pre>((num1 + num2) * num3 / 2 * (1 - num4)</pre><ol class="multiple-choice">
          <li>nothing, the code compiles and runs</li>
          <li class="correct">there is an extra parenthesis</li>
          <li>parenthesis are not required</li>
          <li>illegal expression</li>
        </ol><dl><dt>Section</dt><dd>2.2 Arithmetic</dd><dt>Title</dt><dd>What is wrong with the following code snippet?</dd><dt>type</dt><dd>mc</dd><dt>section</dt><dd>2.2 Arithmetic</dd><dt>id</dt><dd>testbank-py-1-ch02-40</dd></dl></li><li><p>Which of the following statements correctly calculates the
average of three numbers: <code>num1, num2, and
num3</code>?</p><ol class="multiple-choice">
          <li>
            <code>num1 + num2 + num3 / 3</code>
          </li>
          <li>
            <code>num1 + num2 + num3 % 3</code>
          </li>
          <li class="correct">
            <code>( num1 + num2 + num3 ) / 3</code>
          </li>
          <li>
            <code>( num1 + num2 + num3 / 3 )</code>
          </li>
        </ol><dl><dt>Section</dt><dd>2.2 Arithmetic</dd><dt>Title</dt><dd>Which of the following statements computes the average of three numbers?</dd><dt>type</dt><dd>mc</dd><dt>from</dt><dd>testbank-py-1-ch02-20</dd><dt>section</dt><dd>2.2 Arithmetic</dd><dt>id</dt><dd>testbank-py-2-ch02-20</dd></dl></li><li><p>Which of the following suggestions is the best way to make code easier for other programmers to understand?
 
</p><ol class="multiple-choice">
          <li>Use more statements in the source code.</li>
          <li class="correct">Give each variable a name that explains its purpose.</li>
          <li>Avoid using complex calculations in the source code</li>
          <li>Use single-letter variable names in the source code</li>
        </ol><dl><dt>Section</dt><dd>2.2 Arithmetic</dd><dt>Title</dt><dd>What is the best way to make code easier for other programmers to understand?</dd><dt>type</dt><dd>mc</dd><dt>from</dt><dd>testbank-py-1-ch02-21</dd><dt>section</dt><dd>2.2 Arithmetic</dd><dt>id</dt><dd>testbank-py-2-ch02-21</dd></dl></li><li><p>Assume that you have an integer variable, <code>pennies</code>, that currently contains an integer number of pennies.  Which statement determines the number of dollars and cents for that number of pennies?
</p><ol class="multiple-choice">
          <li class="correct">
            <pre>dollars = pennies // 100
cents = pennies % 100</pre>
          </li>
          <li>
            <pre>dollars = pennies / 100
cents = pennies % 100</pre>
          </li>
          <li>
            <pre>dollars = pennies // 100
cents = pennies / 100</pre>
          </li>
          <li>
            <pre>dollars = pennies % 100
cents = pennies / 100</pre>
          </li>
        </ol><dl><dt>Section</dt><dd>2.2 Arithmetic</dd><dt>Title</dt><dd>Which statement determines the number of dollars and cents for a number of pennies? </dd><dt>type</dt><dd>mc</dd><dt>from</dt><dd>testbank-py-1-ch02-27</dd><dt>section</dt><dd>2.2 Arithmetic</dd><dt>id</dt><dd>testbank-py-2-ch02-27</dd></dl></li><li><p>What is wrong with the following code snippet?</p><pre>result = num1 // num2 / num3
num1 = 20
num2 = 10
num3 = 2
print(result)</pre><ol class="multiple-choice">
          <li class="correct">A variable is used before it is assigned a value.</li>
          <li>Nothing, the code compiles and runs.</li>
          <li>The <code>//</code> symbol cannot be used in a Python program.</li>
          <li>One or more of the variable names is not valid.</li>
        </ol><dl><dt>Section</dt><dd>2.2 Arithmetic</dd><dt>Title</dt><dd>What is wrong with the following code snippets which includes variables?</dd><dt>type</dt><dd>mc</dd><dt>from</dt><dd>testbank-py-1-ch02-36</dd><dt>section</dt><dd>2.2 Arithmetic</dd><dt>id</dt><dd>testbank-py-2-ch02-36</dd></dl></li><li><p>A(n) _____________________ is a collection of code that has 
been written by someone else that is ready for you to use in your
program.</p><ol class="multiple-choice">
          <li>variable</li>
          <li>argument</li>
          <li>function</li>
          <li class="correct">library</li>
        </ol><dl><dt>Section</dt><dd>2.2 Arithmetic</dd><dt>Title</dt><dd>What is a collection of code that has been written and translated by someone else.</dd><dt>type</dt><dd>mc</dd><dt>from</dt><dd>testbank-py-1-ch02-37</dd><dt>section</dt><dd>2.2 Arithmetic</dd><dt>id</dt><dd>testbank-py-2-ch02-37</dd></dl></li><li>Consider the following code segment:
<pre>
x = 5
y = 7
z = x - y * 2
</pre>
After this code segment executes, the value of z is:
<ol class="multiple-choice"><li class="correct">-9</li><li>-4</li><li>5</li><li>7</li></ol><dl><dt>Section</dt><dd>2.2.1 Basic Arithmetic Operations</dd><dt>Title</dt><dd>Evaluate expressions involving basic arithmetic operations</dd><dt>type</dt><dd>mc</dd><dt>section</dt><dd>2.2.1 Basic Arithmetic Operations</dd><dt>id</dt><dd>testbank-py-1-ch02-41</dd></dl></li><li>The Python code that represents the formula c = (a /
b)<sup>3</sup> is:
<ol class="multiple-choice"><li><code>c = a / b ** 3</code></li><li class="correct"><code>c = (a / b) ** 3</code></li><li><code>c = 3 ^ (a / b)</code></li><li><code>c = (a / b) ^ 3</code></li></ol><dl><dt>Section</dt><dd>2.2.2 Powers</dd><dt>Title</dt><dd>Translate a formula to equivalent Python code</dd><dt>type</dt><dd>mc</dd><dt>section</dt><dd>2.2.2 Powers</dd><dt>id</dt><dd>testbank-py-1-ch02-42</dd></dl></li><li>Consider the following code segment:
<pre>
x = 5
y = 3
z = 2
result = x // y + x % z
</pre>
After this code segment, the value of <code>result</code> is:
<ol class="multiple-choice"><li class="correct">2</li><li>3</li><li>4</li><li>5</li></ol><dl><dt>Section</dt><dd>2.2.3 Floor Division and Remainder</dd><dt>Title</dt><dd>Evaluate an expression involving division and remainder</dd><dt>type</dt><dd>mc</dd><dt>section</dt><dd>2.2.3 Floor Division and Remainder</dd><dt>id</dt><dd>testbank-py-1-ch02-43</dd></dl></li><li>
  Which function call will cause Python to report an error?

  <ol class="multiple-choice">
    <li class="correct"><code>abs(1, 2)</code></li>
    <li><code>max(1, 2)</code></li>
    <li><code>min(1, 2)</code></li>
    <li><code>round(1, 2)</code></li>
  </ol>
<dl><dt>Section</dt><dd>2.2.4 Calling Functions</dd><dt>Title</dt><dd>Which function call will cause Python to report an error?</dd><dt>type</dt><dd>mc</dd><dt>section</dt><dd>2.2.4 Calling Functions</dd><dt>id</dt><dd>testbank-py-2-ch02-101</dd></dl></li><li>Which statement computes the square root of 5 and stores it in
the variable, r? Assume that the <code>math</code> module has
already been imported.
<ol class="multiple-choice"><li><code>r = math.squareRoot(5)</code></li><li class="correct"><code>r = math.sqrt(5)</code></li><li><code>r = math.squareRoot[5]</code></li><li><code>r = math.sqrt[5]</code></li></ol><dl><dt>Section</dt><dd>2.2.5 Mathematical Functions</dd><dt>Title</dt><dd>Which statement computes the square root of 5?</dd><dt>type</dt><dd>mc</dd><dt>section</dt><dd>2.2.5 Mathematical Functions</dd><dt>id</dt><dd>testbank-py-1-ch02-44</dd></dl></li><li>Which of the following statements computes the minimum of the
variables <code>a</code>, <code>b</code>, <code>c</code> and
<code>d</code>, and stores it in <code>x</code>?
<ol class="multiple-choice"><li><code>x = minimum(a, b, c, d)</code></li><li><code>x = min(a, b, c, min(d))</code></li><li class="correct"><code>x = min(min(a, b), min(c, d))</code></li><li><code>min(a, b, c, d) = x</code></li></ol><dl><dt>Section</dt><dd>2.2.5 Mathematical Functions</dd><dt>Title</dt><dd>Which statement computes the minimum value of four</dd><dt>type</dt><dd>mc</dd><dt>section</dt><dd>2.2.5 Mathematical Functions</dd><dt>variables?</dt><dd></dd><dt>id</dt><dd>testbank-py-1-ch02-45</dd></dl></li><li><p>What is the value of <code>length</code> after this statement:
<code>length = len(&quot;Good Morning&quot;)?</code></p><ol class="multiple-choice">
          <li>
            <code>10</code>
          </li>
          <li>
            <code>11</code>
          </li>
          <li class="correct">
            <code>12</code>
          </li>
          <li>
            <code>13</code>
          </li>
        </ol><dl><dt>Section</dt><dd>2.4 Strings</dd><dt>Title</dt><dd>What is the value of length after this statement: length = len(&quot;Good Morning&quot;)?</dd><dt>type</dt><dd>mc</dd><dt>section</dt><dd>2.4 Strings</dd><dt>id</dt><dd>testbank-py-1-ch02-47</dd></dl></li><li><p>Which statement correctly creates a new variable by combining
the two string variables: <code>firstName</code> and
<code>lastName</code>?</p><ol class="multiple-choice">
          <li>
            <code>name = &quot;firstName&quot; + &quot;lastName&quot;</code>
          </li>
          <li class="correct">
            <code>name = firstName + lastName</code>
          </li>
          <li>
            <code>name = first name + last name</code>
          </li>
          <li>
            <code>name = firstName &amp; lastName</code>
          </li>
        </ol><dl><dt>Section</dt><dd>2.4 Strings</dd><dt>Title</dt><dd>Which statement correctly creates a new variable by combining the strings firstName and lastName?</dd><dt>type</dt><dd>mc</dd><dt>section</dt><dd>2.4 Strings</dd><dt>id</dt><dd>testbank-py-1-ch02-49</dd></dl></li><li><p>What is printed from the following code snippet:</p><pre>message = &quot;ho..&quot;
print(message * 3)</pre><ol class="multiple-choice">
          <li>
            <code>ho..ho..ho</code>
          </li>
          <li>
            <code>ho..</code>
          </li>
          <li class="correct">
            <code>ho..ho..ho..</code>
          </li>
          <li>nothing is printed, this code snippet causes an error</li>
        </ol><dl><dt>Section</dt><dd>2.4 Strings</dd><dt>Title</dt><dd>What is printed from the given snippet?</dd><dt>type</dt><dd>mc</dd><dt>section</dt><dd>2.4 Strings</dd><dt>id</dt><dd>testbank-py-1-ch02-50</dd></dl></li><li><p>What is printed by the following code snippet:</p><pre>street = &quot; Main Street&quot;
address = 123 + street
print(address)</pre><ol class="multiple-choice">
          <li>123Main Street</li>
          <li>123 Main Street</li>
          <li>123 &quot;Main Street&quot;</li>
          <li class="correct">nothing is printed, this code snippet causes an error</li>
        </ol><dl><dt>Section</dt><dd>2.4 Strings</dd><dt>Title</dt><dd>What is printed from the given snippet?</dd><dt>type</dt><dd>mc</dd><dt>section</dt><dd>2.4 Strings</dd><dt>id</dt><dd>testbank-py-1-ch02-51</dd></dl></li><li><p>The following code snippet has an error, how can this be
corrected so it prints: 123 Main Street?</p><pre>1. street = &quot; Main Street&quot;
2. address = 123 + street
3. print(address)</pre><ol class="multiple-choice">
          <li class="correct">change the value '123' in line 2 to a string using the
<code>str</code> function</li>
          <li>reverse lines 1 and 2</li>
          <li>change line 1 to read: <code>street = 123 + &quot;Main
Street&quot;</code></li>
          <li>change line 2 to read: <code>address = 123 + &quot;Main
Street&quot;</code></li>
        </ol><dl><dt>Section</dt><dd>2.4 Strings</dd><dt>Title</dt><dd>What has to change to correctly print a street number and street name?</dd><dt>type</dt><dd>mc</dd><dt>section</dt><dd>2.4 Strings</dd><dt>id</dt><dd>testbank-py-1-ch02-52</dd></dl></li><li><p>What is printed by the following code snippet?</p><pre>num = int(&quot;45&quot;) * float(&quot;1.5&quot;)
print(num)</pre><ol class="multiple-choice">
          <li>nothing, this causes an error</li>
          <li>
            <code>46.5</code>
          </li>
          <li>
            <code>45 * 1.5</code>
          </li>
          <li class="correct">
            <code>67.5</code>
          </li>
        </ol><dl><dt>Section</dt><dd>2.4 Strings</dd><dt>Title</dt><dd>What is printed by the following code snippet?</dd><dt>type</dt><dd>mc</dd><dt>section</dt><dd>2.4 Strings</dd><dt>id</dt><dd>testbank-py-1-ch02-54</dd></dl></li><li><p>What is the index value of the letter <code>'h'</code> in the
string below ?</p><pre>message = &quot;hello&quot;</pre><ol class="multiple-choice">
          <li>
            <code>1</code>
          </li>
          <li class="correct">
            <code>0</code>
          </li>
          <li>
            <code>3</code>
          </li>
          <li>
            <code>4</code>
          </li>
        </ol><dl><dt>Section</dt><dd>2.4 Strings</dd><dt>Title</dt><dd>What is the index value of the letter 'h' in the string below ?</dd><dt>type</dt><dd>mc</dd><dt>section</dt><dd>2.4 Strings</dd><dt>id</dt><dd>testbank-py-1-ch02-55</dd></dl></li><li><p>Given the code snippet below, what code is needed to print the
person's initials?</p><pre>firstName = &quot;Pamela&quot;
middleName = &quot;Rose&quot;
lastName = &quot;Smith&quot;</pre><ol class="multiple-choice">
          <li>
            <code>print(firstName[1], middleName[1],
lastName[1])</code>
          </li>
          <li class="correct">
            <code>print(firstName[0], middleName[0],
lastName[0])</code>
          </li>
          <li>
            <code>print(firstName + middleName + lastName)</code>
          </li>
          <li>
            <code>print(firstName, middleName, lastName)</code>
          </li>
        </ol><dl><dt>Section</dt><dd>2.4 Strings</dd><dt>Title</dt><dd>Given the code snippet below, what code is needed to print the person's initials?</dd><dt>type</dt><dd>mc</dd><dt>section</dt><dd>2.4 Strings</dd><dt>id</dt><dd>testbank-py-1-ch02-56</dd></dl></li><li><p>Which statement finds the last letter of the string variable
<code>name?</code></p><ol class="multiple-choice">
          <li>
            <code>last = name[len(name)]</code>
          </li>
          <li>
            <code>last = len(name) - 1</code>
          </li>
          <li>
            <code>last = len(name)</code>
          </li>
          <li class="correct">
            <code>last = name[len(name) - 1]</code>
          </li>
        </ol><dl><dt>Section</dt><dd>2.4 Strings</dd><dt>Title</dt><dd>Which statement finds the last letter of the string variable name?</dd><dt>type</dt><dd>mc</dd><dt>section</dt><dd>2.4 Strings</dd><dt>id</dt><dd>testbank-py-1-ch02-58</dd></dl></li><li><p>A ___________________________ is a collection of programming
instructions that can be appllied to an object.</p><ol class="multiple-choice">
          <li>function</li>
          <li class="correct">method</li>
          <li>class</li>
          <li>object</li>
        </ol><dl><dt>Section</dt><dd>2.4 Strings</dd><dt>Title</dt><dd>Which is the name of a collection of programming instructions that carry out a particular task to control the behavior of an object?</dd><dt>type</dt><dd>mc</dd><dt>section</dt><dd>2.4 Strings</dd><dt>id</dt><dd>testbank-py-1-ch02-59</dd></dl></li><li>A sequence of characters is referred to as a:<ol class="multiple-choice"><li class="correct">string</li><li>module</li><li>variable</li><li>expression</li></ol><dl><dt>Section</dt><dd>2.4 Strings</dd><dt>Title</dt><dd>What is a sequence of characters?</dd><dt>type</dt><dd>mc</dd><dt>from</dt><dd>testbank-py-1-ch02-46</dd><dt>section</dt><dd>2.4 Strings</dd><dt>id</dt><dd>testbank-py-2-ch02-46</dd></dl></li><li><p>What is it called when you join two strings together in
Python<code>?</code></p><ol class="multiple-choice">
          <li class="correct">concatenation</li>
          <li>addition</li>
          <li>repetition</li>
          <li>conversion</li>
        </ol><dl><dt>Section</dt><dd>2.4 Strings</dd><dt>Title</dt><dd>What is it called when you join two strings together in Python?</dd><dt>type</dt><dd>mc</dd><dt>from</dt><dd>testbank-py-1-ch02-48</dd><dt>section</dt><dd>2.4 Strings</dd><dt>id</dt><dd>testbank-py-2-ch02-48</dd></dl></li><li><p>What functions can be used to
convert a string into a number?</p><ol class="multiple-choice">
          <li>
          <code>stri</code> and <code>len</code>
          </li>
          <li class="correct">
          <code>int</code> and <code>float</code>
          </li>
          <li>
          <code>sqrt</code>, <code>abs</code> and <code>round</code>
          </li>
          <li>
          <code>integer</code> and <code>float</code>
          </li>
        </ol><dl><dt>Section</dt><dd>2.4 Strings</dd><dt>Title</dt><dd>What functions are used to convert strings to numbers?</dd><dt>type</dt><dd>mc</dd><dt>from</dt><dd>testbank-py-1-ch02-53</dd><dt>section</dt><dd>2.4 Strings</dd><dt>id</dt><dd>testbank-py-2-ch02-53</dd></dl></li><li><p>What output is generated by the following code snippet?</p><pre>firstName = &quot;Pamela&quot;
middleName = &quot;Rose&quot;
lastName = &quot;Smith&quot;
print(firstName[0], middleName[0], lastName[5])</pre><ol class="multiple-choice">
          <li class="correct">nothing, this causes an index of bounds error</li>
          <li>
            <code>PRh</code>
          </li>
          <li>
            <code>P R h</code>
          </li>
          <li>
            <code>PRS</code>
          </li>
        </ol><dl><dt>Section</dt><dd>2.4 Strings</dd><dt>Title</dt><dd>Given the code snippet below, what code is printed?</dd><dt>type</dt><dd>mc</dd><dt>from</dt><dd>testbank-py-1-ch02-57</dd><dt>section</dt><dd>2.4 Strings</dd><dt>id</dt><dd>testbank-py-2-ch02-57</dd></dl></li><li><p>What is printed by the following code snippet?</p><pre>name = &quot;Robert&quot;
formalName = name.upper()
print(formalName)</pre><ol class="multiple-choice">
          <li>Robert</li>
          <li>robert</li>
          <li class="correct">ROBERT</li>
          <li>formalName</li>
        </ol><dl><dt>Section</dt><dd>2.4 Strings</dd><dt>Title</dt><dd>Which is the result of the following code snippet?</dd><dt>type</dt><dd>mc</dd><dt>from</dt><dd>testbank-py-1-ch02-60</dd><dt>section</dt><dd>2.4 Strings</dd><dt>id</dt><dd>testbank-py-2-ch02-60</dd></dl></li><li><p>What is printed by the following code snippet?</p><pre>name = &quot;Robert&quot;
formalName = name.lower()
print(formalName)</pre><ol class="multiple-choice">
          <li>Robert</li>
          <li class="correct">robert</li>
          <li>ROBERT</li>
          <li>formalName</li>
        </ol><dl><dt>Section</dt><dd>2.4 Strings</dd><dt>Title</dt><dd>Which is the result of the following code snippet?</dd><dt>type</dt><dd>mc</dd><dt>from</dt><dd>testbank-py-1-ch02-61</dd><dt>section</dt><dd>2.4 Strings</dd><dt>id</dt><dd>testbank-py-2-ch02-61</dd></dl></li><li><p>What is printed by the following code snippet?</p><pre>name = &quot;today is thursday&quot;
name.replace(&quot;t&quot;, &quot;T&quot;)
name.replace(&quot;i&quot;, &quot;I&quot;)
print(name)</pre><ol class="multiple-choice">
          <li class="correct">
            <code>today is thursday</code>
          </li>
          <li>
            <code>Today is Thursday</code>
          </li>
          <li>
            <code>Today Is Thursday</code>
          </li>
          <li>
            <code>Today Is thursday</code>
          </li>
        </ol><dl><dt>Section</dt><dd>2.4 Strings</dd><dt>Title</dt><dd>Which is the result of the following code snippet?</dd><dt>type</dt><dd>mc</dd><dt>from</dt><dd>testbank-py-1-ch02-62</dd><dt>section</dt><dd>2.4 Strings</dd><dt>id</dt><dd>testbank-py-2-ch02-62</dd></dl></li><li><p>What is printed by the following code snippet?</p>
<pre>
name = &quot;today is thursday&quot;
newName = name.replace(&quot;t&quot;, &quot;T&quot;)
print(newName)
</pre>
<ol class="multiple-choice">
          <li>
            <code>today is thursday</code>
          </li>
          <li class="correct">
            <code>Today is Thursday</code>
          </li>
          <li>
            <code>Today Is Thursday</code>
          </li>
          <li>
            <code>Today Is thursday</code>
          </li>
        </ol><dl><dt>Section</dt><dd>2.4 Strings</dd><dt>Title</dt><dd>Which is the result of the following code snippet?</dd><dt>type</dt><dd>mc</dd><dt>from</dt><dd>testbank-py-1-ch02-63</dd><dt>section</dt><dd>2.4 Strings</dd><dt>id</dt><dd>testbank-py-2-ch02-63</dd></dl></li><li>What is the value of x after the following code segment?
<pre>
x = len(&quot;Hello World!&quot;)
</pre><ol class="multiple-choice"><li>10</li><li>11</li><li class="correct">12</li><li>13</li></ol><dl><dt>Section</dt><dd>2.4.1 The String Type</dd><dt>Title</dt><dd>Determine the length of a string</dd><dt>type</dt><dd>mc</dd><dt>section</dt><dd>2.4.1 The String Type</dd><dt>id</dt><dd>testbank-py-1-ch02-64</dd></dl></li><li>Assume that <code>s</code> is an arbitrary string containing at
least 2 characters. What is displayed by the following code
segment?
<pre>
print(s[0], s[len(s) - 1])
</pre><ol class="multiple-choice"><li>The first character of <code>s</code>, followed immediately by
the second last character of <code>s</code>.</li><li>The first character of <code>s</code>, followed immediately by
the last character of <code>s</code>.</li><li>The first character of <code>s</code>, followed by a space,
followed by the second last character of <code>s</code>.</li><li class="correct">The first character of <code>s</code>, followed by a space,
followed by the last character of <code>s</code>.</li></ol><dl><dt>Section</dt><dd>2.4.1 The String Type</dd><dt>Title</dt><dd>Display specific characters from a string</dd><dt>type</dt><dd>mc</dd><dt>section</dt><dd>2.4.1 The String Type</dd><dt>id</dt><dd>testbank-py-1-ch02-65</dd></dl></li><li><p>Which of the following symbols can be used to begin a string literal in Python?</p><ol class="multiple-choice">
          <li>
            <code>*</code>
          </li>
          <li>
            <code>#</code>
          </li>
          <li class="correct">
            <code>&quot;</code>
          </li>
          <li>
            <code>&gt;</code>
          </li>
        </ol><dl><dt>Section</dt><dd>2.4.1 The String Type</dd><dt>Title</dt><dd>Which of the following symbols can be used to begin a string literal in Python?</dd><dt>type</dt><dd>mc</dd><dt>section</dt><dd>2.4.1 The String Type</dd><dt>id</dt><dd>testbank-py-2-ch02-13</dd></dl></li><li>What is the value of <code>words</code> after the following
code segment?
<pre>
words = &quot;Hello&quot; + &quot;World&quot; * 3
</pre><ol class="multiple-choice"><li class="correct"><code>&quot;HelloWorldWorldWorld&quot;</code></li><li><code>&quot;Hello World World World&quot;</code></li><li><code>&quot;HelloWorldHelloWorldHelloWorld&quot;</code></li><li><code>&quot;Hello World Hello World Hello World&quot;</code></li></ol><dl><dt>Section</dt><dd>2.4.2 Concatenation and Repetition</dd><dt>Title</dt><dd>String Concatenation and Repetition</dd><dt>type</dt><dd>mc</dd><dt>section</dt><dd>2.4.2 Concatenation and Repetition</dd><dt>id</dt><dd>testbank-py-1-ch02-66</dd></dl></li><li>Which of the following statements causes Python to report an
error?
<ol class="multiple-choice"><li><code>x = 17 + 18.4</code></li><li class="correct"><code>x = 17 + &quot;18.4&quot;</code></li><li><code>x = 17 + int(18.4)</code></li><li><code>x = 17 + float(&quot;18.4&quot;)</code></li></ol><dl><dt>Section</dt><dd>2.4.3 Converting Between Numbers and Strings</dd><dt>Title</dt><dd>Working with Numbers and Strings</dd><dt>type</dt><dd>mc</dd><dt>section</dt><dd>2.4.3 Converting Between Numbers and Strings</dd><dt>id</dt><dd>testbank-py-1-ch02-67</dd></dl></li><li>What letter is displayed by the following code segment?
<pre>
title = &quot;Python for Everyone&quot;
print(title[3])
</pre><ol class="multiple-choice"><li><code>e</code></li><li class="correct"><code>h</code></li><li><code>o</code></li><li><code>t</code></li></ol><dl><dt>Section</dt><dd>2.4.4 Strings and Characters</dd><dt>Title</dt><dd>Identify a character within a string</dd><dt>type</dt><dd>mc</dd><dt>section</dt><dd>2.4.4 Strings and Characters</dd><dt>id</dt><dd>testbank-py-1-ch02-68</dd></dl></li><li>Consider the following code segment:
<pre>
product = &quot;Cookies&quot;
product = product.lower()
</pre>
After this code segment executes, the value of the
<code>product</code> variable is:
<ol class="multiple-choice"><li class="correct"><code>&quot;cookies&quot;</code></li><li><code>&quot;cOOKIES&quot;</code></li><li><code>&quot;Cookies&quot;</code></li><li><code>&quot;COOKIES&quot;</code></li></ol><dl><dt>Section</dt><dd>2.4.5 String Methods</dd><dt>Title</dt><dd>Trace code that invokes the lower method on a string</dd><dt>type</dt><dd>mc</dd><dt>section</dt><dd>2.4.5 String Methods</dd><dt>id</dt><dd>testbank-py-1-ch02-69</dd></dl></li><li>Consider the following code segment:
<pre>
title = &quot;Python for Everyone&quot;
newTitle = title.replace(&quot;e&quot;, &quot;*&quot;)
</pre>
After this code runs, the value stored in <code>newTitle</code> is:
<ol class="multiple-choice"><li><code>&quot;Python for *veryone&quot;</code></li><li><code>&quot;Python for Ev*ryone&quot;</code></li><li class="correct"><code>&quot;Python for Ev*ryon*&quot;</code></li><li><code>&quot;Python for *v*ryon*&quot;</code></li></ol><dl><dt>Section</dt><dd>2.4.5 String Methods</dd><dt>Title</dt><dd>Trace code that invokes the replace method on a string</dd><dt>type</dt><dd>mc</dd><dt>section</dt><dd>2.4.5 String Methods</dd><dt>id</dt><dd>testbank-py-1-ch02-70</dd></dl></li><li>What is displayed by the following code segment?
<pre>
print(&quot;\&quot;Hello World!\&quot;&quot;)</pre><ol class="multiple-choice"><li><code>Hello World!</code></li><li class="correct"><code>&quot;Hello World!&quot;</code></li><li><code>\&quot;Hello World!\&quot;</code></li><li>The program reports an error</li></ol><dl><dt>Section</dt><dd>2.4.5 String Methods</dd><dt>Title</dt><dd>Trace code that includes escape sequences</dd><dt>type</dt><dd>mc</dd><dt>section</dt><dd>2.4.5 String Methods</dd><dt>id</dt><dd>testbank-py-1-ch02-71</dd></dl></li><li>
  Which statement causes <code>A</code> and <code>B</code> to be printed on different lines?

  <ol class="multiple-choice">
    <li><code>print(&quot;AB&quot;)</code></li>
    <li><code>print(&quot;A,B&quot;)</code></li>
    <li class="correct"><code>print(&quot;A\nB&quot;)</code></li>
    <li><code>print(&quot;A&quot;, &quot;B&quot;)</code></li>
  </ol>
<dl><dt>Section</dt><dd>2.4.5 String Methods</dd><dt>Title</dt><dd>Which statement causes A and B to be printed on different lines?</dd><dt>type</dt><dd>mc</dd><dt>section</dt><dd>2.4.5 String Methods</dd><dt>id</dt><dd>testbank-py-2-ch02-102</dd></dl></li><li><p>Which statement correctly saves the price in the variable
<code>cost?</code></p><pre>userInput = input(&quot;Please enter the price:&quot;)</pre><ol class="multiple-choice">
          <li class="correct">
            <code>cost = float(userInput)</code>
          </li>
          <li>
            <code>cost = userInput</code>
          </li>
          <li>
            <code>cost = int(userInput)</code>
          </li>
          <li>
            <code>cost = float[userInput]</code>
          </li>
        </ol><dl><dt>Section</dt><dd>2.5 Input and Output</dd><dt>Title</dt><dd>Which statement correctly saves the price in the variable cost?</dd><dt>type</dt><dd>mc</dd><dt>section</dt><dd>2.5 Input and Output</dd><dt>id</dt><dd>testbank-py-1-ch02-75</dd></dl></li><li><p>Which statement correctly saves the number of items in the
variable <code>quantity?</code></p><pre>userInput = input(&quot;Please enter the quantity:&quot;)</pre><ol class="multiple-choice">
          <li>
            <code>quantity = float(userInput)</code>
          </li>
          <li>
            <code>quantity = userInput</code>
          </li>
          <li class="correct">
            <code>quantity = int(userInput)</code>
          </li>
          <li>
            <code>quantity = int[userInput]</code>
          </li>
        </ol><dl><dt>Section</dt><dd>2.5 Input and Output</dd><dt>Title</dt><dd>Which statement correctly saves the price in the variable quantity?</dd><dt>type</dt><dd>mc</dd><dt>section</dt><dd>2.5 Input and Output</dd><dt>id</dt><dd>testbank-py-1-ch02-76</dd></dl></li><li><p>What is printed by the following code
snippet?</p><pre>cost = 25.45378
print(&quot;%.2f&quot; % cost)</pre><ol class="multiple-choice">
          <li>
            <code>25.45378</code>
          </li>
          <li>
            <code>%25.45</code>
          </li>
          <li class="correct">
            <code>25.45</code>
          </li>
          <li>nothing, there is an error</li>
        </ol><dl><dt>Section</dt><dd>2.5 Input and Output</dd><dt>Title</dt><dd>Which is printed by the following code snippet?</dd><dt>type</dt><dd>mc</dd><dt>section</dt><dd>2.5 Input and Output</dd><dt>id</dt><dd>testbank-py-1-ch02-77</dd></dl></li><li><p>Which output format string correctly allows for 5 positions
before and two digits after the decimal
point<code>?</code></p><ol class="multiple-choice">
          <li class="correct">
            <code>&quot;%8.2f&quot;</code>
          </li>
          <li>
            <code>&quot;%5.2f&quot;</code>
          </li>
          <li>
            <code>&quot;%7.2f&quot;</code>
          </li>
          <li>
            <code>&quot;%5d.2f&quot;</code>
          </li>
        </ol><dl><dt>Section</dt><dd>2.5 Input and Output</dd><dt>Title</dt><dd>Which output format string correctly allows for 5 positions before and two digits after the decimal point?</dd><dt>type</dt><dd>mc</dd><dt>section</dt><dd>2.5 Input and Output</dd><dt>id</dt><dd>testbank-py-1-ch02-78</dd></dl></li><li><p>Which output format correctly prints an item description left
justified with up to 10 letters<code>?</code></p><ol class="multiple-choice">
          <li>
            <code>&quot;%10&quot;</code>
          </li>
          <li>
            <code>&quot;%10s&quot;</code>
          </li>
          <li class="correct">
            <code>&quot;%-10s&quot;</code>
          </li>
          <li>
            <code>&quot;-%10s&quot;</code>
          </li>
        </ol><dl><dt>Section</dt><dd>2.5 Input and Output</dd><dt>Title</dt><dd>Which output format correctly prints an item description left justified with up to 10 letters?</dd><dt>type</dt><dd>mc</dd><dt>section</dt><dd>2.5 Input and Output</dd><dt>id</dt><dd>testbank-py-1-ch02-79</dd></dl></li><li>What is the output for the following code snippet:<pre>area = 25
print(&quot;The area is %05d&quot; % area)</pre><ol class="multiple-choice"><li><code>The area is 25</code></li><li>nothing, there is an error in the code snippet</li><li class="correct"><code>The area is 00025</code></li><li><code>The area is  25</code></li></ol><dl><dt>Section</dt><dd>2.5 Input and Output</dd><dt>Title</dt><dd>What is the output for the following code snippet?</dd><dt>type</dt><dd>mc</dd><dt>section</dt><dd>2.5 Input and Output</dd><dt>id</dt><dd>testbank-py-1-ch02-80</dd></dl></li><li>What function is used to read a value from the keyboard?<ol class="multiple-choice"><li class="correct"><code>input</code></li><li><code>print</code></li><li><code>keyboard</code></li><li><code>next</code></li></ol><dl><dt>Section</dt><dd>2.5 Input and Output</dd><dt>Title</dt><dd>What function is used to read input from the keyboard?</dd><dt>type</dt><dd>mc</dd><dt>from</dt><dd>testbank-py-1-ch02-72</dd><dt>section</dt><dd>2.5 Input and Output</dd><dt>id</dt><dd>testbank-py-2-ch02-72</dd></dl></li><li><p>The message used to tell the user what input is expected is known as a(n):
</p><ol class="multiple-choice">
          <li>input</li>
          <li>keyword</li>
          <li>comment</li>
          <li class="correct">prompt</li>
        </ol><dl><dt>Section</dt><dd>2.5 Input and Output</dd><dt>Title</dt><dd>The message used to tell the user what input is expected is known as a(n):</dd><dt>type</dt><dd>mc</dd><dt>from</dt><dd>testbank-py-1-ch02-73</dd><dt>section</dt><dd>2.5 Input and Output</dd><dt>id</dt><dd>testbank-py-2-ch02-73</dd></dl></li><li><p>What is the data type of the value returned by the input function?
</p><ol class="multiple-choice">
          <li>integer</li>
          <li class="correct">string</li>
          <li>float</li>
          <li>character</li>
        </ol><dl><dt>Section</dt><dd>2.5 Input and Output</dd><dt>Title</dt><dd>What is the data type of the value returned by the input function?</dd><dt>type</dt><dd>mc</dd><dt>from</dt><dd>testbank-py-1-ch02-74</dd><dt>section</dt><dd>2.5 Input and Output</dd><dt>id</dt><dd>testbank-py-2-ch02-74</dd></dl></li><li>Consider the following code segment:
<pre>
a = input(&quot;Enter the value of a: &quot;)
b = input(&quot;Enter the value of b: &quot;)
print(a + b)
</pre>
When this code segment is run the user enters 1 at the first prompt
and 5 at the second prompt. The output displayed is:
<ol class="multiple-choice"><li><code>1</code></li><li><code>6</code></li><li class="correct"><code>15</code></li><li><code>1 + 5</code></li></ol><dl><dt>Section</dt><dd>2.5.1 User Input</dd><dt>Title</dt><dd>Trace code that reads two values from the user</dd><dt>type</dt><dd>mc</dd><dt>section</dt><dd>2.5.1 User Input</dd><dt>id</dt><dd>testbank-py-1-ch02-81</dd></dl></li><li>The line of code which reads a value from the user and stores
it in a variable named <code>x</code> as a floating-point value is:
<ol class="multiple-choice"><li><code>x = float()</code></li><li><code>x = input(&quot;Enter the value of x: &quot;)</code></li><li class="correct"><code>x = float(input(&quot;Enter the value of x: &quot;))</code></li><li><code>x = input(float())</code></li></ol><dl><dt>Section</dt><dd>2.5.2 Numerical Input</dd><dt>Title</dt><dd>Read numerical input from the user</dd><dt>type</dt><dd>mc</dd><dt>section</dt><dd>2.5.2 Numerical Input</dd><dt>id</dt><dd>testbank-py-1-ch02-82</dd></dl></li><li>The line of code that displays the floating point number stored
in the variable <code>x</code> using 3 decimal places is:
<ol class="multiple-choice"><li><code>print(&quot;%.3f&quot;, x)</code></li><li class="correct"><code>print(&quot;%.3f&quot; % x)</code></li><li><code>print(&quot;%3.f&quot;, x)</code></li><li><code>print(&quot;%3.f&quot; % x)</code></li></ol><dl><dt>Section</dt><dd>2.5.3 Formatted Output</dd><dt>Title</dt><dd>Format output to 3 decimal places</dd><dt>type</dt><dd>mc</dd><dt>section</dt><dd>2.5.3 Formatted Output</dd><dt>id</dt><dd>testbank-py-1-ch02-83</dd></dl></li><li>What output is generated by the following code segment?
<pre>
a = 10.0
b = 0.50
print(&quot;The total is %.2f and the tax is %.2f.&quot; % (a, b))
</pre><ol class="multiple-choice"><li><code>The total is .00 and the tax is .50</code></li><li><code>The total is 10.0 and the tax is 0.5</code></li><li><code>The total is 10.0 and the tax is 0.50</code></li><li class="correct"><code>The total is 10.00 and the tax is 0.50</code></li></ol><dl><dt>Section</dt><dd>2.5.3 Formatted Output</dd><dt>Title</dt><dd>Format multiple values in a single output statement</dd><dt>type</dt><dd>mc</dd><dt>section</dt><dd>2.5.3 Formatted Output</dd><dt>id</dt><dd>testbank-py-1-ch02-84</dd></dl></li><li>Consider the following code segment:
<pre>
x = 12
print(&quot;%d%%&quot; % x)
</pre>
The output generated by this code segment is:
<ol class="multiple-choice"><li><code>12</code></li><li><code>%12</code></li><li class="correct"><code>12%</code></li><li><code>12%%</code></li></ol><dl><dt>Section</dt><dd>2.5.3 Formatted Output</dd><dt>Title</dt><dd>Format integer output</dd><dt>type</dt><dd>mc</dd><dt>section</dt><dd>2.5.3 Formatted Output</dd><dt>id</dt><dd>testbank-py-1-ch02-85</dd></dl></li><li>A graphics application shows information inside a
____________________<ol class="multiple-choice"><li>panel</li><li class="correct">window</li><li>form</li><li>page</li></ol><dl><dt>Section</dt><dd>2.6 Graphics: Simple Drawings</dd><dt>Title</dt><dd>A graphics application shows information inside a ____________________</dd><dt>type</dt><dd>mc</dd><dt>section</dt><dd>2.6 Graphics: Simple Drawings</dd><dt>id</dt><dd>testbank-py-1-ch02-86</dd></dl></li><li>Which statement draws a square on the canvas?<ol class="multiple-choice"><li><code>canvas.drawRect(0, 50, 0, 50)</code></li><li><code>canvas.drawRect(50, 50, 0, 0)</code></li><li><code>canvas.drawRect(0, 0, 50, 100)</code></li><li class="correct"><code>canvas.drawRect(0, 0, 50, 50)</code></li></ol><dl><dt>Section</dt><dd>2.6 Graphics: Simple Drawings</dd><dt>Title</dt><dd>Which statement draws a square on the canvas?</dd><dt>type</dt><dd>mc</dd><dt>section</dt><dd>2.6 Graphics: Simple Drawings</dd><dt>id</dt><dd>testbank-py-1-ch02-87</dd></dl></li><li>Which statement sets the fill color when drawing shapes on the
canvas?<ol class="multiple-choice"><li><code>canvas.setOutline(&quot;black&quot;)</code></li><li class="correct"><code>canvas.setFill(&quot;black&quot;)</code></li><li><code>canvas.fill(&quot;black&quot;)</code></li><li><code>canvas.fillRect(&quot;black&quot;)</code></li></ol><dl><dt>Section</dt><dd>2.6 Graphics: Simple Drawings</dd><dt>Title</dt><dd>Which statement fills a shape?</dd><dt>type</dt><dd>mc</dd><dt>section</dt><dd>2.6 Graphics: Simple Drawings</dd><dt>id</dt><dd>testbank-py-1-ch02-88</dd></dl></li><li>Which statement writes the word <code>Hello</code> on the
canvas?<ol class="multiple-choice"><li><code>canvas.setString(10, 10, &quot;Hello&quot;)</code></li><li><code>canvas.setText(10, 10, &quot;Hello&quot;)</code></li><li class="correct"><code>canvas.drawText(10, 10, &quot;Hello&quot;)</code></li><li><code>canvas.drawString(10, 10, &quot;Hello&quot;)</code></li></ol><dl><dt>Section</dt><dd>2.6 Graphics: Simple Drawings</dd><dt>Title</dt><dd>Which statement writes test to the canvas?</dd><dt>type</dt><dd>mc</dd><dt>section</dt><dd>2.6 Graphics: Simple Drawings</dd><dt>id</dt><dd>testbank-py-1-ch02-89</dd></dl></li><li>Which of the given print statements generates the following
output?<pre>ABCDE&quot;\</pre><ol class="multiple-choice"><li class="correct"><code>print(&quot;ABCDE\&quot;\\&quot;)</code></li><li><code>print(&quot;ABCDE&quot;\&quot;)</code></li><li><code>print(&quot;ABCDE&quot;\)</code></li><li><code>print(&quot;ABCDE\&quot;\&quot;)</code></li></ol><dl><dt>Section</dt><dd>2.6 Graphics: Simple Drawings</dd><dt>Title</dt><dd>Which print statement generates output with quote and backslash?</dd><dt>type</dt><dd>mc</dd><dt>section</dt><dd>2.6 Graphics: Simple Drawings</dd><dt>id</dt><dd>testbank-py-1-ch02-90</dd></dl></li><li>
  Which statement imports the entire contents of the <code>sympy</code> module?

  <ol class="multiple-choice">
    <li class="correct"><code>from sympy import *</code></li>
    <li><code>import contents</code></li>
    <li><code>import * from sympy</code></li>
    <li><code>sympy import</code></li>
  </ol>
<dl><dt>Section</dt><dd>2.6 Graphics: Simple Drawings</dd><dt>Title</dt><dd>Which statement imports the entire contents of the sympy module?</dd><dt>type</dt><dd>mc</dd><dt>section</dt><dd>2.6 Graphics: Simple Drawings</dd><dt>id</dt><dd>testbank-py-2-ch02-94</dd></dl></li><li>
  Which statement creates an expression in SymPy form?

  <ol class="multiple-choice">
    <li><code>f = x ** 2</code></li>
    <li class="correct"><code>f = sympify(&quot;x ** 2&quot;)</code></li>
    <li><code>f = sympy(x ** 2)</code></li>
    <li><code>sympy(&quot;f = x ** 2&quot;)</code></li>
  </ol>
<dl><dt>Section</dt><dd>2.6 Graphics: Simple Drawings</dd><dt>Title</dt><dd>Which statement creates an expression in SymPy form?</dd><dt>type</dt><dd>mc</dd><dt>section</dt><dd>2.6 Graphics: Simple Drawings</dd><dt>id</dt><dd>testbank-py-2-ch02-95</dd></dl></li><li>
  Which SymPy function is used to display a graph of a mathematical function?

  <ol class="multiple-choice">
    <li><code>diff</code></li>
    <li><code>draw</code></li>
    <li class="correct"><code>plot</code></li>
    <li><code>subs</code></li>
  </ol>
<dl><dt>Section</dt><dd>2.6 Graphics: Simple Drawings</dd><dt>Title</dt><dd>Which SymPy function is used to display a graph of a mathematical function?</dd><dt>type</dt><dd>mc</dd><dt>section</dt><dd>2.6 Graphics: Simple Drawings</dd><dt>id</dt><dd>testbank-py-2-ch02-96</dd></dl></li><li>Consider the following code segment:
<pre>
from graphics import GraphicsWindow

win = GraphicsWindow(400, 200)
canvas = win.canvas()
</pre>
The line of code that should be added to the end of the code
segment above to draw a diagonal line connecting the upper left
corner to the lower right corner is:
<ol class="multiple-choice"><li><code>canvas.drawLine(0, 0, 0, 0)</code></li><li><code>canvas.drawLine(0, 0, 200, 400)</code></li><li><code>canvas.drawLine(200, 400, 400, 200)</code></li><li class="correct"><code>canvas.drawLine(400, 200, 0, 0)</code></li></ol><dl><dt>Section</dt><dd>2.6.2 Lines and Polygons</dd><dt>Title</dt><dd>Draw a diagonal line on a canvas</dd><dt>type</dt><dd>mc</dd><dt>section</dt><dd>2.6.2 Lines and Polygons</dd><dt>id</dt><dd>testbank-py-1-ch02-91</dd></dl></li><li>The statement that sets the fill color to red is:
<ol class="multiple-choice"><li><code>canvas.setFill(0, 128, 0)</code></li><li><code>canvas.setFill(64, 0, 128)</code></li><li><code>canvas.setFill(64, 255, 64)</code></li><li class="correct"><code>canvas.setFill(128, 0, 0)</code></li></ol><dl><dt>Section</dt><dd>2.6.3 Filled Shapes and Color</dd><dt>Title</dt><dd>Which statement sets the fill color to red?</dd><dt>type</dt><dd>mc</dd><dt>section</dt><dd>2.6.3 Filled Shapes and Color</dd><dt>id</dt><dd>testbank-py-1-ch02-92</dd></dl></li><li>Which of the following statements draws a circle?
<ol class="multiple-choice"><li><code>canvas.drawOval(100, 200, 100, 200)</code></li><li class="correct"><code>canvas.drawOval(200, 100, 200, 200)</code></li><li><code>canvas.drawOval(200, 200, 100, 200)</code></li><li><code>canvas.drawOval(200, 200, 200, 100)</code></li></ol><dl><dt>Section</dt><dd>2.6.4 Ovals, Circles and Text</dd><dt>Title</dt><dd>Which statement draws a circle?</dd><dt>type</dt><dd>mc</dd><dt>section</dt><dd>2.6.4 Ovals, Circles, and Text</dd><dt>id</dt><dd>testbank-py-1-ch02-93</dd></dl></li></ol></body>
    </html>
