<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
    <head>
    <meta http-equiv="content-type" content="text/html; charset=UTF-8"/><title></title>
    <link href="styles.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
    </head>
    <body><dl></dl><ol><li>A computer program is a sequence of:<ol class="multiple-choice"><li>ones and zeroes.</li><li class="correct">instructions and decisions.</li><li>primary and secondary storage.</li><li>processors and compilers.</li></ol><dl><dt>Section</dt><dd>1.1 Computer Programs</dd><dt>Title</dt><dd>What is a computer program?</dd><dt>type</dt><dd>mc</dd><dt>section</dt><dd>1.1 Computer Programs</dd><dt>id</dt><dd>testbank-py-1-ch01-01</dd></dl></li><li>Computers are machines that:<ol class="multiple-choice"><li>are imprecise and slow.</li><li>design computer programs.</li><li class="correct">execute programs.</li><li>carry out a very narrow range of tasks.</li></ol><dl><dt>Section</dt><dd>1.1 Computer Programs</dd><dt>Title</dt><dd>What is a computer?</dd><dt>type</dt><dd>mc</dd><dt>section</dt><dd>1.1 Computer Programs</dd><dt>id</dt><dd>testbank-py-1-ch01-02</dd></dl></li><li>Which of the following refers to a collection of programs that
a computer executes?
<ol class="multiple-choice"><li>Compiler</li><li class="correct">Software</li><li>Instructions</li><li>Source Code</li></ol><dl><dt>Section</dt><dd>1.1 Computer Programs</dd><dt>Title</dt><dd>What term refers to a collection of programs?</dd><dt>type</dt><dd>mc</dd><dt>from</dt><dd>testbank-py-1-ch01-03</dd><dt>section</dt><dd>1.1 Computer Programs</dd><dt>id</dt><dd>testbank-py-2-ch01-03</dd></dl></li><li>Which of the follow statements is most correct?
  <ol class="multiple-choice">
    <li class="correct">Computer programs are comprised of a large number of simple instructions.</li> 
    <li>Computer programs are comprised of a large number of sophisticated instructions.</li>
    <li>Computer programs are comprised of a small number of simple instructions.</li>
    <li>Computer programs are comprised of a small number of sophisticated instructions.</li>
  </ol>
<dl><dt>Section</dt><dd>1.1 Computer Programs</dd><dt>Title</dt><dd>What are computer programs comprised of?</dd><dt>type</dt><dd>mc</dd><dt>section</dt><dd>1.1 Computer Programs</dd><dt>id</dt><dd>testbank-py-1-ch01-51</dd></dl></li><li>Which parts of the computer store program code?
<ol class="multiple-choice"><li>CPU</li><li class="correct">Secondary storage</li><li>Monitor</li><li>Keyboard</li></ol><dl><dt>Section</dt><dd>1.2 The Anatomy of a Computer</dd><dt>Title</dt><dd>Which parts of the computer store program code?</dd><dt>type</dt><dd>mc</dd><dt>section</dt><dd>1.2 The Anatomy of a Computer</dd><dt>id</dt><dd>testbank-py-1-ch01-04</dd></dl></li><li>Which of the following items is NOT considered hardware:
<ol class="multiple-choice"><li>a keyboard.</li><li>a speaker.</li><li class="correct">a program.</li><li>a microphone.</li></ol><dl><dt>Section</dt><dd>1.2 The Anatomy of a Computer</dd><dt>Title</dt><dd>What is considered hardware</dd><dt>type</dt><dd>mc</dd><dt>section</dt><dd>1.2 The Anatomy of a Computer</dd><dt>id</dt><dd>testbank-py-1-ch01-05</dd></dl></li><li>The Central Processing Unit is primarily responsible for:<ol class="multiple-choice"><li>ensuring data persists when electrical power is turned
off.</li><li>enabling a human user to interact with the computer.</li><li>interconnecting computers that are separated by distance.</li><li class="correct">performing program control and data processing.</li></ol><dl><dt>Section</dt><dd>1.2 The Anatomy of a Computer</dd><dt>Title</dt><dd>What is a CPU?</dd><dt>type</dt><dd>mc</dd><dt>section</dt><dd>1.2 The Anatomy of a Computer</dd><dt>id</dt><dd>testbank-py-1-ch01-06</dd></dl></li><li>Computers store both data and programs not currently running
in:<ol class="multiple-choice"><li>Primary storage.</li><li>Central processing unit.</li><li class="correct">Secondary storage.</li><li>Transistors.</li></ol><dl><dt>Section</dt><dd>1.2 The Anatomy of a Computer</dd><dt>Title</dt><dd>Where are programs and data stored?</dd><dt>type</dt><dd>mc</dd><dt>section</dt><dd>1.2 The Anatomy of a Computer</dd><dt>id</dt><dd>testbank-py-1-ch01-07</dd></dl></li><li>Which of the following hardware devices is NOT considered an
input device?
<ol class="multiple-choice"><li>Keyboard</li><li class="correct">Monitor</li><li>Mouse</li><li>Microphone</li></ol><dl><dt>Section</dt><dd>1.2 The Anatomy of a Computer</dd><dt>Title</dt><dd>What is considered input hardware?</dd><dt>type</dt><dd>mc</dd><dt>section</dt><dd>1.2 The Anatomy of a Computer</dd><dt>id</dt><dd>testbank-py-1-ch01-08</dd></dl></li><li>Which of the following hardware devices is NOT considered an
output device?
<ol class="multiple-choice"><li>Speaker</li><li>Monitor</li><li>Printer</li><li class="correct">Microphone</li></ol><dl><dt>Section</dt><dd>1.2 The Anatomy of a Computer</dd><dt>Title</dt><dd>What is considered output hardware?</dd><dt>type</dt><dd>mc</dd><dt>section</dt><dd>1.2 The Anatomy of a Computer</dd><dt>id</dt><dd>testbank-py-1-ch01-09</dd></dl></li><li>When the computer begins to run a program, 
  <ol class="multiple-choice">
    <li class="correct">the program is moved from secondary storage to memory.</li>
    <li>the program is moved from secondary storage to the network controller.</li>
    <li>the program is moved from the CPU to memory.</li>
    <li>the program is moved from the CPU to secondary storage.</li>
  </ol>
<dl><dt>Section</dt><dd>1.2 The Anatomy of a Computer</dd><dt>Title</dt><dd>What happens when a program begins to run?</dd><dt>type</dt><dd>mc</dd><dt>from</dt><dd>testbank-py-1-ch01-10</dd><dt>section</dt><dd>1.2 The Anatomy of a Computer</dd><dt>id</dt><dd>testbank-py-2-ch01-10</dd></dl></li><li>What part of the computer carries out arithmetic operations,
  such as addition, subtraction, multiplication and division?
  <ol class="multiple-choice">
          <li class="correct">CPU</li>
          <li>Network</li>
          <li>Primary storage</li>
          <li>Secondary storage</li>
        </ol><dl><dt>Section</dt><dd>1.2 The Anatomy of a Computer</dd><dt>Title</dt><dd>What part of the computer performs arithmetic?</dd><dt>type</dt><dd>mc</dd><dt>from</dt><dd>testbank-py-1-ch01-11</dd><dt>section</dt><dd>1.2 The Anatomy of a Computer</dd><dt>id</dt><dd>testbank-py-2-ch01-11</dd></dl></li><li>In order to run Python programs, the computer needs to have
software called a(n)?<ol class="multiple-choice"><li>debugger</li><li class="correct">interpreter</li><li>windows</li><li>assembler</li></ol><dl><dt>Section</dt><dd>1.3 The Python Programming Language</dd><dt>Title</dt><dd>Software needed to run Python on a computer?</dd><dt>type</dt><dd>mc</dd><dt>section</dt><dd>1.3 The Python Programming Language</dd><dt>id</dt><dd>testbank-py-1-ch01-46</dd></dl></li><li>High-level programming languages were created to:
  <ol class="multiple-choice">
          <li>Allow programmers to describe the solution to a problem one CPU instruction at a time</li>
          <li class="correct">Make programming less error-prone and less tedious</li>
          <li>Maximize the running time of programs</li>
          <li>Translate CPU instructions into high-level instructions</li>
        </ol><dl><dt>Section</dt><dd>1.3 The Python Programming Language</dd><dt>Title</dt><dd>Why were high-level programming languages created?</dd><dt>type</dt><dd>mc</dd><dt>from</dt><dd>testbank-py-1-ch01-12</dd><dt>section</dt><dd>1.3 The Python Programming Language</dd><dt>id</dt><dd>testbank-py-2-ch01-12</dd></dl></li><li>What are two of the most important benefits of the Python
language?
<ol class="multiple-choice">
  <li>Advanced mathematical equations and fast programs</li>
  <li>Ease of use and fast programs</li>
  <li class="correct">Ease of use and portability</li>
  <li>Fast programs and smaller programs</li>
</ol><dl><dt>Section</dt><dd>1.3 The Python Programming Language</dd><dt>Title</dt><dd>What are the benefits of Python?</dd><dt>type</dt><dd>mc</dd><dt>from</dt><dd>testbank-py-1-ch01-13</dd><dt>section</dt><dd>1.3 The Python Programming Language</dd><dt>id</dt><dd>testbank-py-2-ch01-13</dd></dl></li><li>Which of the following is <strong>not</strong> a benefit of the Python programming language compared to other popular programming languages like Java, C and C++?
  <ol class="multiple-choice">
    <li>Python encourages experimentation and rapid turn around</li>
    <li>Python has a cleaner syntax</li>
    <li>Python is easier to use</li>
    <li class="correct">Python programs run more quickly</li>
  </ol>
<dl><dt>Section</dt><dd>1.3 The Python Programming Language</dd><dt>Title</dt><dd>What are the benefits of Python compared to other programming languages?</dd><dt>type</dt><dd>mc</dd><dt>section</dt><dd>1.3 The Python Programming Language</dd><dt>id</dt><dd>testbank-py-1-ch01-52</dd></dl></li><li>What is wrong with the following code snippet:<pre>num1 = 10
num2 = 20
num3 = 30
total = Num1 + Num2 + Num3</pre><ol class="multiple-choice"><li>Nothing, the variable <code>total</code> will be the sum of the
three numbers</li><li class="correct">Python is case sensitive so <code>Num1</code>,
<code>Num2</code>, and <code>Num3</code> are undefined</li><li><code>total</code> must be initialized to zero first</li><li>The numbers should be <code>10.0, 20.0</code> and
<code>30.0</code></li></ol><dl><dt>Section</dt><dd>1.4 Becoming Familiar with Your Programming Environment</dd><dt>Title</dt><dd>What is wrong with the following code snippet?</dd><dt>type</dt><dd>mc</dd><dt>section</dt><dd>1.4 Becoming Familiar with Your Programming Environment</dd><dt>id</dt><dd>testbank-py-1-ch01-14</dd></dl></li><li>What is the difference between an editor and an
interpreter?<ol class="multiple-choice"><li class="correct">An editor allows program files to be entered and modified; an
interpreter reads and executes program files</li><li>An editor allows program files to be entered and modified; an
interpreter produces an indexed database of terms and keywords</li><li>An editor allows program files to be entered and modified; an
interpreter produces an organized list of files</li><li>An editor converts program files into an executable program; an
interpreter allows program files to be entered and modified</li></ol><dl><dt>Section</dt><dd>1.4 Becoming Familiar with Your Programming Environment</dd><dt>Title</dt><dd>What is the difference between an editor and a compiler?</dd><dt>type</dt><dd>mc</dd><dt>section</dt><dd>1.4 Becoming Familiar with Your Programming Environment</dd><dt>id</dt><dd>testbank-py-1-ch01-16</dd></dl></li><li>What reads Python programs and executes the program
instructions? <ol class="multiple-choice"><li>editor</li><li>CPU</li><li>compiler</li><li class="correct">interpreter</li></ol><dl><dt>Section</dt><dd>1.4 Becoming Familiar with Your Programming Environment</dd><dt>Title</dt><dd>What is used to execute a Python program?</dd><dt>type</dt><dd>mc</dd><dt>section</dt><dd>1.4 Becoming Familiar with Your Programming Environment</dd><dt>id</dt><dd>testbank-py-1-ch01-17</dd></dl></li><li>What extension is used for Python files?<ol class="multiple-choice"><li>.Python</li><li class="correct">.py</li><li>.dat</li><li>.txt</li></ol><dl><dt>Section</dt><dd>1.4 Becoming Familiar with Your Programming Environment</dd><dt>Title</dt><dd>What extension is used for Python source files?</dd><dt>type</dt><dd>mc</dd><dt>section</dt><dd>1.4 Becoming Familiar with Your Programming Environment</dd><dt>id</dt><dd>testbank-py-1-ch01-18</dd></dl></li><li>By entering the command <code>python3</code>, the program runs
in which mode?<ol class="multiple-choice"><li class="correct">interactive mode</li><li>print mode</li><li>command mode</li><li>backup mode</li></ol><dl><dt>Section</dt><dd>1.4 Becoming Familiar with Your Programming Environment</dd><dt>Title</dt><dd>What mode is invoked when the user enters &quot;python&quot; at the command prompt?</dd><dt>type</dt><dd>mc</dd><dt>section</dt><dd>1.4 Becoming Familiar with Your Programming Environment</dd><dt>id</dt><dd>testbank-py-1-ch01-19</dd></dl></li><li>The Python compiler reads the file containing your source code
and converts it to:<ol class="multiple-choice"><li>machine code</li><li>assembly code</li><li class="correct">byte code</li><li>virtual machine code</li></ol><dl><dt>Section</dt><dd>1.4 Becoming Familiar with Your Programming Environment</dd><dt>Title</dt><dd>What type of code is created by the Python compiler?</dd><dt>type</dt><dd>mc</dd><dt>section</dt><dd>1.4 Becoming Familiar with Your Programming Environment</dd><dt>id</dt><dd>testbank-py-1-ch01-20</dd></dl></li><li>What is the correct sequence of steps invoked by the Python
Interpreter:<ol class="multiple-choice"><li>source code -&gt; virtual machine -&gt; byte code -&gt;
compiler</li><li class="correct">source code -&gt; compiler -&gt; byte code -&gt; virtual
machine</li><li>compiler -&gt; source code -&gt; virtual machine -&gt; byte
code</li><li>byte code -&gt; virtual machine -&gt; source code -&gt;
compiler</li></ol><dl><dt>Section</dt><dd>1.4 Becoming Familiar with Your Programming Environment</dd><dt>Title</dt><dd>What is the role of the Interpreter?</dd><dt>type</dt><dd>mc</dd><dt>section</dt><dd>1.4 Becoming Familiar with Your Programming Environment</dd><dt>id</dt><dd>testbank-py-1-ch01-21</dd></dl></li><li>An integrated development environment bundles tools for
programming into a unified application. What kinds of tools
are usually included?<ol class="multiple-choice"><li>A web browser</li><li class="correct">An editor and an interpreter</li><li>Presentation tools</li><li>Source files and bytecode files</li></ol><dl><dt>Section</dt><dd>1.4 Becoming Familiar with Your Programming Environment</dd><dt>Title</dt><dd>What kind of tools can be found in an integrated development environment?</dd><dt>type</dt><dd>mc</dd><dt>from</dt><dd>testbank-py-1-ch01-15</dd><dt>section</dt><dd>1.4 Becoming Familiar with Your Programming Environment</dd><dt>id</dt><dd>testbank-py-2-ch01-15</dd></dl></li><li>A Python interpreter is:
  <ol class="multiple-choice">
    <li>a folder hierarchy</li>
    <li>a piece of hardware</li>
    <li class="correct">a piece of software</li>
    <li>a type of secondary storage</li>
</ol><dl><dt>Section</dt><dd>1.4 Becoming Familiar with Your Programming Environment</dd><dt>Title</dt><dd>What is a Python virtual machine?</dd><dt>type</dt><dd>mc</dd><dt>from</dt><dd>testbank-py-1-ch01-47</dd><dt>section</dt><dd>1.4 Becoming Familiar with Your Programming Environment</dd><dt>id</dt><dd>testbank-py-2-ch01-47</dd></dl></li><li>A collection of programming instructions that carry out a
particular task is called a:
<ol class="multiple-choice"><li>program</li><li>compiler</li><li class="correct">function</li><li>comment</li></ol><dl><dt>Section</dt><dd>1.5 Analyzing Your First Program</dd><dt>Title</dt><dd>What is a collection of programming instructions called?</dd><dt>type</dt><dd>mc</dd><dt>section</dt><dd>1.5 Analyzing Your First Program</dd><dt>id</dt><dd>testbank-py-1-ch01-24</dd></dl></li><li>To use or call a function, you need to specify:<ol class="multiple-choice"><li class="correct">the function name and its arguments</li><li>the function name only</li><li>the function name and at least one argument</li><li>the function name and a comment describing its use</li></ol><dl><dt>Section</dt><dd>1.5 Analyzing Your First Program</dd><dt>Title</dt><dd>How do you call a function?</dd><dt>type</dt><dd>mc</dd><dt>section</dt><dd>1.5 Analyzing Your First Program</dd><dt>id</dt><dd>testbank-py-1-ch01-25</dd></dl></li><li>A sequence of characters enclosed in quotes is called:<ol class="multiple-choice"><li class="correct">a string</li><li>a list</li><li>a function</li><li>an argument</li></ol><dl><dt>Section</dt><dd>1.5 Analyzing Your First Program</dd><dt>Title</dt><dd>What is a sequence of characters enclosed in quotes called?</dd><dt>type</dt><dd>mc</dd><dt>section</dt><dd>1.5 Analyzing Your First Program</dd><dt>id</dt><dd>testbank-py-1-ch01-26</dd></dl></li><li>Which of the following is considered a <code>string</code> in
Python?<ol class="multiple-choice"><li><code>Today is Wednesday</code></li><li class="correct"><code>&quot;Today is Wednesday&quot;</code></li><li><code># Today is Wednesday #</code></li><li><code>Today_is_Wednesday</code></li></ol><dl><dt>Section</dt><dd>1.5 Analyzing Your First Program</dd><dt>Title</dt><dd>What is a string in Python?</dd><dt>type</dt><dd>mc</dd><dt>section</dt><dd>1.5 Analyzing Your First Program</dd><dt>id</dt><dd>testbank-py-1-ch01-27</dd></dl></li><li>What is wrong with the following code snippet?
<pre>print(&quot;Hello&quot;)
   print(&quot;World!&quot;)</pre><ol class="multiple-choice"><li>The print function cannot be called twice</li><li>The print function is missing an argument</li><li>Nothing, the program prints <code>Hello World</code> on the
same line</li><li class="correct">The second line should not be indented</li></ol><dl><dt>Section</dt><dd>1.5 Analyzing Your First Program</dd><dt>Title</dt><dd>What is wrong with the code snippet?</dd><dt>type</dt><dd>mc</dd><dt>section</dt><dd>1.5 Analyzing Your First Program</dd><dt>id</dt><dd>testbank-py-1-ch01-28</dd></dl></li><li>What is printed by the following code snippet?<pre>
print(25 + 84)</pre><ol class="multiple-choice"><li><code>2584</code></li><li class="correct"><code>109</code></li><li><code>25 + 84</code></li><li>Nothing, this code snipped causes a compile time error</li></ol><dl><dt>Section</dt><dd>1.5 Analyzing Your First Program</dd><dt>Title</dt><dd>What is printed by a given code snippet?</dd><dt>type</dt><dd>mc</dd><dt>section</dt><dd>1.5 Analyzing Your First Program</dd><dt>id</dt><dd>testbank-py-1-ch01-29</dd></dl></li><li>What is printed by the following code snippet?<pre>
print(&quot;The answer is&quot;, 25 + 84)</pre><ol class="multiple-choice"><li><code>The answer is 2584</code></li><li class="correct"><code>The answer is 109</code></li><li><code>The answer is 25 + 84</code></li><li>Nothing, this code snipped causes a compile time error</li></ol><dl><dt>Section</dt><dd>1.5 Analyzing Your First Program</dd><dt>Title</dt><dd>What is printed by a given code snippet?</dd><dt>type</dt><dd>mc</dd><dt>section</dt><dd>1.5 Analyzing Your First Program</dd><dt>id</dt><dd>testbank-py-1-ch01-30</dd></dl></li><li>What is printed by the following code snippet?<pre>print(&quot;The answers are:&quot;, 4 + 3 * 2, 7 * 5 - 24)</pre><ol class="multiple-choice"><li class="correct"><code>The answers are: 10 11</code></li><li><code>The answers are: 14 11</code></li><li><code>The answers are: 24 10</code></li><li>Nothing, this code snipped causes a compile time error</li></ol><dl><dt>Section</dt><dd>1.5 Analyzing Your First Program</dd><dt>Title</dt><dd>What is printed by a given code snippet?</dd><dt>type</dt><dd>mc</dd><dt>section</dt><dd>1.5 Analyzing Your First Program</dd><dt>id</dt><dd>testbank-py-1-ch01-31</dd></dl></li><li>What is printed by the following code snippet?<pre>
print(&quot;25 + 84&quot;)</pre><ol class="multiple-choice"><li><code>2584</code></li><li><code>109</code></li><li class="correct"><code>25 + 84</code></li><li>Nothing, this code snipped causes a compile time error</li></ol><dl><dt>Section</dt><dd>1.5 Analyzing Your First Program</dd><dt>Title</dt><dd>What is printed by a given code snippet?</dd><dt>type</dt><dd>mc</dd><dt>section</dt><dd>1.5 Analyzing Your First Program</dd><dt>id</dt><dd>testbank-py-1-ch01-32</dd></dl></li><li>What is printed by the following code snippet?<pre>print(Hello)</pre><ol class="multiple-choice"><li class="correct">Nothing, an error is produced indicating that
<code>Hello</code> is not defined</li><li><code>Hello</code></li><li><code>'Hello'</code></li><li><code>&quot;Hello&quot;</code></li></ol><dl><dt>Section</dt><dd>1.5 Analyzing Your First Program</dd><dt>Title</dt><dd>What is printed by a given code snippet?</dd><dt>type</dt><dd>mc</dd><dt>section</dt><dd>1.5 Analyzing Your First Program</dd><dt>id</dt><dd>testbank-py-1-ch01-33</dd></dl></li><li>What is printed by the following code snippet?<pre>
print(&quot;Good&quot;, &quot;Morning&quot;, &quot;Class&quot;, &quot;!&quot;)</pre><ol class="multiple-choice"><li><code>GoodMorningClass!</code></li><li><code>Good Morning Class!</code></li><li class="correct"><code>Good Morning Class !</code></li><li>nothing, this code produces a syntax error</li></ol><dl><dt>Section</dt><dd>1.5 Analyzing Your First Program</dd><dt>Title</dt><dd>What is printed by a given code snippet?</dd><dt>type</dt><dd>mc</dd><dt>section</dt><dd>1.5 Analyzing Your First Program</dd><dt>id</dt><dd>testbank-py-1-ch01-34</dd></dl></li><li>Which line in the following program is a comment line?

<pre>
  1:  print(&quot;Your lucky number is...&quot;)
  2:  lucky = 7
  3:  # Display the lucky number
  4:  print(lucky)
</pre>
<ol class="multiple-choice">
   <li>Line number 1</li>
   <li>Line number 2</li>
   <li class="correct">Line number 3</li>
   <li>Line number 4</li>
</ol><dl><dt>Section</dt><dd>1.5 Analyzing Your First Program</dd><dt>Title</dt><dd>What is the syntax for a comment line?</dd><dt>type</dt><dd>mc</dd><dt>from</dt><dd>testbank-py-1-ch01-22</dd><dt>section</dt><dd>1.5 Analyzing Your First Program</dd><dt>id</dt><dd>testbank-py-2-ch01-22</dd></dl></li><li>What is the purpose of a comment?
  <ol class="multiple-choice">
    <li>A comment provides information to the virtual machine</li>
    <li>A comment provides information to the compiler</li>
    <li class="correct">A comment provides information to the programmer</li>
    <li>A comment provides information to the user running the program</li>
</ol><dl><dt>Section</dt><dd>1.5 Analyzing Your First Program</dd><dt>Title</dt><dd>What is the purpose of a comment?</dd><dt>type</dt><dd>mc</dd><dt>from</dt><dd>testbank-py-1-ch01-23</dd><dt>section</dt><dd>1.5 Analyzing Your First Program</dd><dt>id</dt><dd>testbank-py-2-ch01-23</dd></dl></li><li>Which of the following code segments will display
<code>Hello World!</code> when it is run?
  <ol class="multiple-choice">
    <li><code>print(Hello &quot;,&quot; World&quot;!&quot;)</code></li>
    <li class="correct"><code>print(&quot;Hello&quot;, &quot;World!&quot;)</code></li>
    <li><code>print(&quot;Hello&quot;, &quot;World&quot;, &quot;!&quot;)</code></li>
    <li><code>print(&quot;Hello&quot;, &quot;,&quot;, &quot;World&quot;, &quot;!&quot;)</code></li>
  </ol>
<dl><dt>Section</dt><dd>1.5 Analyzing Your First Program</dd><dt>Title</dt><dd>Which code segment displays the desired result?</dd><dt>type</dt><dd>mc</dd><dt>section</dt><dd>1.5 Analyzing Your First Program</dd><dt>id</dt><dd>testbank-py-1-ch01-53</dd></dl></li><li>When a function is called, the values placed in parentheses are referred to as:
  <ol class="multiple-choice">
    <li class="correct">arguments</li>
    <li>keywords</li>
    <li>operators</li>
    <li>statements</li>
  </ol>
<dl><dt>Section</dt><dd>1.5 Analyzing Your First Program</dd><dt>Title</dt><dd>What are the parts of a function call?</dd><dt>type</dt><dd>mc</dd><dt>section</dt><dd>1.5 Analyzing Your First Program</dd><dt>id</dt><dd>testbank-py-1-ch01-54</dd></dl></li><li>What is another name for a compile-time error?<ol class="multiple-choice"><li>Logic error</li><li>Semantic error</li><li class="correct">Syntax error</li><li>Lexicographic error</li></ol><dl><dt>Section</dt><dd>1.6 Errors</dd><dt>Title</dt><dd>What is another name for a compile-time error?</dd><dt>type</dt><dd>mc</dd><dt>section</dt><dd>1.6 Errors</dd><dt>id</dt><dd>testbank-py-1-ch01-35</dd></dl></li><li>Although the following code statement is valid,
<code>print(10/0)</code>, what will happen when this code is
executed?<ol class="multiple-choice"><li>The program prints 0</li><li class="correct">The error message <code>ZeroDivisionError: int division or
modulo by zero</code> is displayed</li><li>The program runs, but nothing is printed</li><li>The error message <code>SyntaxError: EOL while scanning string
literal</code></li></ol><dl><dt>Section</dt><dd>1.6 Errors</dd><dt>Title</dt><dd>What is another name for a compile-time error?</dd><dt>type</dt><dd>mc</dd><dt>section</dt><dd>1.6 Errors</dd><dt>id</dt><dd>testbank-py-1-ch01-36</dd></dl></li><li>The programmer, not the compiler, is responsible for testing a
program to identify what?<ol class="multiple-choice"><li>Undefined symbols</li><li>Syntax errors</li><li class="correct">Logic errors</li><li>Out-of-memory errors</li></ol><dl><dt>Section</dt><dd>1.6 Errors</dd><dt>Title</dt><dd>The programmer, not the compiler, is responsible for testing a program to identify?</dd><dt>type</dt><dd>mc</dd><dt>section</dt><dd>1.6 Errors</dd><dt>id</dt><dd>testbank-py-1-ch01-37</dd></dl></li><li> Which type of error is usually the most difficult to locate in your program?

  <ol class="multiple-choice">
    <li>Indentation Error</li>
    <li class="correct">Logic Error</li>
    <li>Syntax Error</li>
    <li>Zero Division Error</li>
  </ol>
<dl><dt>Section</dt><dd>1.6 Errors</dd><dt>Title</dt><dd>Which type of error is most difficult to locate?</dd><dt>type</dt><dd>mc</dd><dt>section</dt><dd>1.6 Errors</dd><dt>id</dt><dd>testbank-py-1-ch01-55</dd></dl></li><li>What is it called when you describe the steps that are
necessary for finding a solution to a problem in programming?
<ol class="multiple-choice"><li class="correct">algorithm</li><li>compile</li><li>interpret</li><li>code</li></ol><dl><dt>Section</dt><dd>1.7 Problem Solving: Algorithm Design</dd><dt>Title</dt><dd>What is it called when you describe the steps that are necessary for finding a solution to a problem in programming?</dd><dt>type</dt><dd>mc</dd><dt>section</dt><dd>1.7 Problem Solving: Algorithm Design</dd><dt>id</dt><dd>testbank-py-1-ch01-38</dd></dl></li><li>The following pseudocode calculates the total purchase price
for an item including sales tax, what is the missing last
line?<pre class="pseudo">
Start by setting the total cost to zero.
Ask the user for the item cost.
Ask the user for the tax rate.
Set the item tax to item cost times tax rate. 
 _________________________________</pre><ol class="multiple-choice"><li>Set the total cost to the item cost plus the tax rate.</li><li>Set the total cost to the item cost times the tax.</li><li class="correct">Set the total cost to the item cost plus the tax.</li><li>Set the total cost to the item tax.</li></ol><dl><dt>Section</dt><dd>1.7 Problem Solving: Algorithm Design</dd><dt>Title</dt><dd>What is the missing pseudocode?</dd><dt>type</dt><dd>mc</dd><dt>section</dt><dd>1.7 Problem Solving: Algorithm Design</dd><dt>id</dt><dd>testbank-py-1-ch01-39</dd></dl></li><li>What is the purpose of the following algorithm, written in
pseudocode?<pre class="pseudo">
num = 0
Repeat the following steps 15 times
    Ask user for next number
    If userNum &gt; num      
       num = userNum
Print num
</pre><ol class="multiple-choice"><li>To print out the 15 numbers</li><li>To find the smallest among 15 numbers</li><li>To search for a particular number among 15 numbers</li><li class="correct">To find the highest among 15 numbers</li></ol><dl><dt>Section</dt><dd>1.7 Problem Solving: Algorithm Design</dd><dt>Title</dt><dd>What is the purpose of this algorithm?</dd><dt>type</dt><dd>mc</dd><dt>section</dt><dd>1.7 Problem Solving: Algorithm Design</dd><dt>id</dt><dd>testbank-py-1-ch01-40</dd></dl></li><li>Which of the following is NOT an example of an algorithm?<ol class="multiple-choice"><li>A recipe to make chocolate chip cookies</li><li class="correct">A grocery list</li><li>Instructions for changing a flat tire</li><li>Steps required to calculate the amount of paint required to
paint a room</li></ol><dl><dt>Section</dt><dd>1.7 Problem Solving: Algorithm Design</dd><dt>Title</dt><dd>Which of the following is NOT an example of an algorithm?</dd><dt>type</dt><dd>mc</dd><dt>section</dt><dd>1.7 Problem Solving: Algorithm Design</dd><dt>id</dt><dd>testbank-py-1-ch01-41</dd></dl></li><li>Which of the following pseudocode statements represents a
decision?<ol class="multiple-choice"><li class="auto-style1">For each number in a sequence...</li><li class="auto-style1">While the balance is &gt; 0</li><li class="auto-style1">total cost = unit cost + tax</li><li class="correct">if total cost &gt; 15</li></ol><dl><dt>Section</dt><dd>1.7 Problem Solving: Algorithm Design</dd><dt>Title</dt><dd>Which of the following pseudocode statements represents a decision statement?</dd><dt>type</dt><dd>mc</dd><dt>section</dt><dd>1.7 Problem Solving: Algorithm Design</dd><dt>id</dt><dd>testbank-py-1-ch01-42</dd></dl></li><li>A sequence of steps that is unambiguous, executable, and
terminating is called:<ol class="multiple-choice"><li>a logarithm</li><li>a programming task</li><li class="correct">an algorithm</li><li>pseudocode</li></ol><dl><dt>Section</dt><dd>1.7 Problem Solving: Algorithm Design</dd><dt>Title</dt><dd>What is a list of steps that are unambiguous, executable, and terminating called?</dd><dt>type</dt><dd>mc</dd><dt>section</dt><dd>1.7 Problem Solving: Algorithm Design</dd><dt>id</dt><dd>testbank-py-1-ch01-50</dd></dl></li><li>Which of the following pseudocode statements represents a repetition statement?
  <ol class="multiple-choice">
    <li>if total cost &gt; 15</li>
    <li>set i equal to 3</li>
    <li>total cost = unit cost + tax</li>
    <li class="correct">while the balance is &gt; 0</li>
</ol><dl><dt>Section</dt><dd>1.7 Problem Solving: Algorithm Design</dd><dt>Title</dt><dd>Which of the following pseudocode statements represents a repetition statement?</dd><dt>type</dt><dd>mc</dd><dt>from</dt><dd>testbank-py-1-ch01-43</dd><dt>section</dt><dd>1.7 Problem Solving: Algorithm Design</dd><dt>id</dt><dd>testbank-py-2-ch01-43</dd></dl></li><li>Which of the following statements is <strong>NOT</strong> correct?
  
  <ol class="multiple-choice">
    <li>Pseudocode should be unambiguous.</li>
    <li>Pseudocode should be executable.</li>
    <li class="correct">Pseudocode should be properly formatted.</li>
    <li>Pseudocode should be terminating.</li>
</ol><dl><dt>Section</dt><dd>1.7 Problem Solving: Algorithm Design</dd><dt>Title</dt><dd>Which of the following is NOT important when writing pseudocode?</dd><dt>type</dt><dd>mc</dd><dt>from</dt><dd>testbank-py-1-ch01-44</dd><dt>section</dt><dd>1.7 Problem Solving: Algorithm Design</dd><dt>id</dt><dd>testbank-py-2-ch01-44</dd></dl></li><li>Imagine that you are planning to buy a new cell phone.
  After doing some research, you have determined that there are two different
  cell phones that will meet your needs.  These cell phones have different
  purchase prices and each mobile service provider charges a different rate for
  each minute that the cell phone is used. In order to determine which cell
  phone is the better buy, you need to develop an algorithm to calculate the
  total cost of purchasing and using each cell phone. Which of the following
  options lists all the inputs needed for this algorithm?

<ol class="multiple-choice"><li>The cost of each cell phone and the rate per minute for
each cell phone</li><li>The cost of each cell phone and the number of minutes provided
with each cell phone</li><li>The cost of each cell phone, the rate per minute for each cell
phone, and the number of minutes provided with each cell phone</li><li class="correct">The cost of each cell phone, the rate per minute for each cell
phone, and the number of minutes you would use the cell phone</li></ol><dl><dt>Section</dt><dd>1.7 Problem Solving: Algorithm Design</dd><dt>Title</dt><dd>Which inputs do you need to calculate cost of purchasing/using cell phone?</dd><dt>type</dt><dd>mc</dd><dt>from</dt><dd>testbank-py-1-ch01-45</dd><dt>section</dt><dd>1.7 Problem Solving: Algorithm Design</dd><dt>id</dt><dd>testbank-py-2-ch01-45</dd></dl></li><li>Consider the following pseudocode. What does it produce?

<pre class="pseudo">
Create a list of consecutive integers from two to n (2, 3, 4, ..., n).
Initially, let p equal 2.
Repeat the following steps until p is greater than n:
    Remove all of the multiples of p less than or equal to n from the list. 
    If the list contains a number greater than p
        Find the first number remaining in the list greater than p.
        Replace p with this number.
    Otherwise set p equal to n + 1
</pre>

<ol class="multiple-choice">
  <li>All even numbers up to n</li>
  <li>All factorial numbers up to n</li>
  <li>All odd numbers up to n</li>
  <li class="correct">All prime numbers up to n</li>
</ol><dl><dt>Section</dt><dd>1.7 Problem Solving: Algorithm Design</dd><dt>Title</dt><dd>Software needed to run Python on a computer?</dd><dt>type</dt><dd>mc</dd><dt>from</dt><dd>testbank-py-1-ch01-48</dd><dt>section</dt><dd>1.7 Problem Solving: Algorithm Design</dd><dt>id</dt><dd>testbank-py-2-ch01-48</dd></dl></li><li>Consider the following pseudocode. What does it
produce?<pre class="pseudo">
Set a = 0
Set b = 0
Set c = 1
Set d = 1
Report the value of d
Repeat until a equals 10
   Set d = b + c
   Set b = c
   Set c = d
   Add 1 to a
   Report the value of d
</pre>

<ol class="multiple-choice">
  <li class="correct">1 1 2 3 5 8 13 21 34 55 89</li>
  <li>1 1 3 5 7 9 11 13 15 17 19 21</li>
  <li>1 1 3 6 9 12 15 18 21 24 27 30</li>
  <li>1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11</li>
</ol><dl><dt>Section</dt><dd>1.7 Problem Solving: Algorithm Design</dd><dt>Title</dt><dd>What does this algorithm produce?</dd><dt>type</dt><dd>mc</dd><dt>from</dt><dd>testbank-py-1-ch01-49</dd><dt>section</dt><dd>1.7 Problem Solving: Algorithm Design</dd><dt>id</dt><dd>testbank-py-2-ch01-49</dd></dl></li></ol></body>
    </html>
